- The mighty chicken claw is pulled back into the chicken coop and out of the hole steps a big rooster.
  
  "Bwaaak! Rooostyyy! I told you to relax." [[Daisy]] tries to calm the rooster by petting him over his big chest with one wing. "I told you to leave him alone! Bwak he is the mightiest of them all because he is so strong that he can fly! Bwak! He trained hard in order to do it but he made it! I will never forget that glorious day! It was a sunny day in the capital when he made his first real flight! But not only can he fly he also protects our precious eggs so no one steals them from us."
  
  "Relax [[Daisy]]!" Mr. Roosters deep voice has not lost one bit of its deepness since he came out of that chicken coop. He gives [[Daisy]] a smouldering look under which she starts to melt away. "I just want to teach this loudmouth some manners."
  
  "Oooh Roostyy! You are always such a gentleman! Bwaaak I am soo lucky to have you! And you…!" [[Daisy]] turns her head around and the amourous look she gave [[Mr. Rooster]] a split second ago turns into an angry grimmace. "…will back of and never touch our coop again is that understood?"
  
  "My my [[Daisy]] don't try to talk sense into this blockhead it's a waste of your lovely voice!"
	- 1. You have heard enough teach these chickens some manners! Attack!
		- 001.02.02.02.03.01 Fight the Chickens
			- SET ENCOUNTER
				- [[001.02.03.01 Paladin Crew]] to Deactived
				- [[001.02.03.02 The Chickens]] to Activated AND Hostile
				- [[001.02.03.06 Mr. Crabs]] to Deactived
				- [[001.02.03.08 Shaun]] to Deactived
				- [[001.02.03.09 The Crabs]] to Deactived
			- END DIALOGUE
	- 2. [[001.02.02.02.03.02 Wisdom 13]] Really you can fly? I can't believe that! Would you be so kind to demonstrate your skills?
		- 001.02.02.02.03.02 Demonstration?
			- SKILL CHECK
				- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
					- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
						- #InspirationMystic
						- To Vignette [[001.02.02.02.06 Contest]]
					- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
						- To Vignette [[001.02.02.02.04 Rooster flying]]
	- 3. Leave these crazy chickens, they are conceited beyond redemption!
		- 001.02.02.02.03.03 Leave the chickens
			- END DIALOGUE