- Dimitry injects the fourth syringe carefully into the brain of the bug before him. He slowly turns towards you.
  
  "Have you managed to kill that bloody oaf Pierre? Finally I got rid of this useless piece of shit. And now you dare to interrupt me. I have waited a whole week on the Meatbugs to fully grow in order to conduct my experiment. I am going to kill you for this."
  
  Dimitry turns off the machine behind him. The Meatbugs that Dimitry injected the liquid into start to twitch. Their razor sharp claws open and close. Slowly at first but rapidly increasing their speed until a snapping sound indicates their utter lethality. The fourth Meatbug is still sleeping but you have no doubt that the effects of the sedative will wear off soon enough on it too.
  
  "That is... if my little meatbugs don't kill you first of course. Wake up my little darlings. Time to feed!"
- 001.05.01.03.04.01 Dimitry fight
	- PAUSE GAME
	- RENAME Character
		- Sleepy Meatbug to Injected Sleepy Meatbug
	- REMOVE INGAME STATUS
		- Injected Meaty Meatbug
			- Blinded
		- Injected Nimble Meatbug
			- Blinded
		- Injected Strong Meatbug
			- Blinded
		- Sleepy Meatbug
			- Blinded
	- SET INGAME STATUS
		- Injected Meaty Meatbug
			- Sleeping for 1 Turn
		- Injected Nimble Meatbug
			- Sleeping for 1 Turn
		- Injected Strong Meatbug
			- Sleeping for 1 Turn
		- Injected Sleepy Meatbug
			- Sleeping for 2 Turns
	- SET ENCOUNTER
		- [[001.05.03.03 Dimitry]] to Hostile
	- Battle Mechanic
		- Every time one of the injected Meatbugs dies it instantly transforms into a Bloated Corpse which keeps on fighting in its stead. (Once an injected Meatbug dies position the corresponding Bloated Corpse on top of the dead Meatbug and activate it.)