- "I don't believe a word you are saying!" [[Mark]] is furious. "I should not have trusted you... [[Mark]] takes a deep breath. "From my point of view you are the culprit now. You tricked us in giving you the items and then they somehow magically disappear?" [[Mark]] grabs you by your arm and drags you towards [[Akshan]] . "I am sorry to bother you [[Akshan]] but did this individual gave you a couple of valueable items such as a ring, a necklace or a belt?"
  
  "A ring? A necklace? Or what...? I am sooo sorry captain but I have no idea what you are talking about. I merely did some business with this stranger but he did not sell me any of these items you mentioned. Why would you inquire about the whereabouts of said items in the first place captain? Are they missing?" Akshans voice somehow sounds even more slimey than before.
  
  "These items were indeed in some way or another stolen from us and we would like to have them back. Would you be so kind to allow me to search you [[Akshan]]?"
  
  "Well of course captain I am glad to assist in resolving a theft any time I can captain."
  
  [[Mark]] thorougly searches [[Akshan]] and his belongings. "I thought so! No trace of the items whatsoever. I am sorry soldier but that whole story is beginning to look pretty bad for you. You are under arrest for the theft of valuable items from your superior officers. Follow me to the lower decks I have to imprison you."
  
  [[Mark]] takes you to the lower decks and throws you into the room where you first awoke. Your hands and feet are being tied and you can only smell the vomit from earlier that day. [[Mark]] leaves and locks the door behind him. 
  
  The hours go by and the day comes to an end. Your dreams are tainted by nightmares from [[Magisters]] attacking your ship and killing everybody on board while you are tied to the mast unable to move yourself. They completely ignore you during the fight but once everyone else is dead they come towards you slowly transforming into these horrible monsters that ripped apart [[Legion X]] during the battle for [[Arx]]. Just when they are about to rip you apart you wake up to the sound of Marks voice shouting commands on the upper deck. It seems your nightmares were not that far fetched. The enemy has arrived.
  
  You only make out the dampened sound of the battle that ensues on the upper deck but judging from the short duration you conclude that the [[Magisters]] won the battle by a landslide. Shortly after your suspicions prove to be true. A couple of [[Magisters]] are rummaging through the generals room nextdoors before they open the door to your cell. The silhouette of a muscular dwarf completely clad in iron armour of very high quality appears in the doorframe.
  
  "What do we have here? [[Legionnaires]] imprisoned by other [[Legionnaires]]. That sounds exactly like something only you slimey, law-obsessed stick up your ass imperials would do. Fighting for their petty lives like maggots with no victory in sight but wait... the rules have to be followed to the letter. Let me guess they imprisoned you for something so insignificant only a [[Paladin]] would care about. Like stealing a loaf of bread or eating too many rations or not kissing your superiors ass hard enough. Hahaha you pathetic low lives." 
  
  The dwarf kicks you a couple of times in the stomach before your face makes aquaintance with his iron plated boots. Everything turns dark.
	- 001.02.02.07.14.01
		- UPDATE GM Journal
			- [[001.02.02.07.A.04 Thief lied to Mark Arrested Missed Battle]]
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.02.02.07.A.00007.06 Mark does not believe the items are gone]]
				- [[The Thief: You lied to Mark and told him the items fell overboard during the handover. He did not believe you and arrested you.]]
		- LOAD LEVEL
			- [[001.05 Prologue The Open Sea Caught]]
		- TRANSFER ITEM (Players can do it themselves very quick with multiple item selection by pressing shift + left Mouse button)
			- All Inventory Items from respective (1 to 6) Player Inventory TO
				- respective (1 to 6) Player Inventory Chest
			- All equipped Items from respective (1 to 6) Player Inventory TO
				- respective (1 to 6) Player Equipement Chest
			- Chest Armor, Leggings, Boots and All Weapon Slot Items from respective (1 to 6) Player Inventory Chest TO
				- Player Equipement Chest IN ROOM
					- [[001.05.01.02 The enemy Ship 1st Deck The Doctor's Laboratory]] Sideroom after the Laboratory
		- MOVE CHARACTER
			- Player 1 to 6 TO
				- [[001.05.01.01 The enemy Ship 1st Deck Prison Cell]]
		- To Vignette [[001.05.01.01 The enemy Ship 1st Deck Prison Cell]]