- "Here [[Wuffy]] let's start with the tea shall we! Just to calm your stomach right?"
  
  "WUUUFFF!" Wuffys' tail is wagging happily and he taps up and down with his front paws in excitement. You place down the poisoned cup of tea and he starts slurping. "Wuff! Wuff! Now the [[Giblet Steak]]! [[Wuffy]] always feels so much better after the [[Giblet Steak]]!" You don't react. 
  
  [[Wuffy]] stays still for a second then he starts to pant in agony as he falls down on his side. "Wuuuuf? What did the human give [[Wuffy]]?" You can see the fear in Wuffys' eyes. "Why what did [[Wuffy]] do to you? Was it because [[Wuffy]] bit that [[Mark]] fellow? Or maybe because [[Wuffy]] ate too much and the crew is jealous of him always getting the best of Master Dworis' meals…"
  
  You remove the ring from your finger. Wuffys words turn into the whining of a dying dog. The whimpering intensifies. Then it stops completely.
  
  "What have you done to my dog?" The sound of Dworis' angry voice rumbles through the belly of the ship. He must have heard the whining of his dog. "I did not want to ever use these powers again but you are forcing my hand you bastard!"
  
  All of a sudden you see how some of the dead paladins around you rise up as if someone was commanding them. They turn towards you and unsheathe their weapons.
	- 001.01.02.01.20.01 Wuffy dies Dwori knows
		- UPDATE Gameworld
			- Kill Wuffy AND
			- SET ENCOUNTER
				- [[01.03.07 The Undead]] to Active
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.10 Wuffys meal]]
				- [[Wuffys meal: You obeyed Marks orders and poisoned Wuffy. Your mission is complete. Dwori who was locked up nextdoors heard of his dogs struggle and you had to defend yourself from the undead Paladin corpses he raised to get his revenge.]]
		- REWARD
			- Every Player [[001.01.06.01 Poison Wuffy 60XP]]
		- Wuffy GAINSTATUS
			- #dead
		- END DIALOGUE