- You whistle loudly and call for [[Mark]]. In the same heartbeat Akshan drops the items in the water. Mark needs some time to get to you because he had to call Sara first in order for her to take over the steering wheel. Once he reaches you two chaos ensues.
  
  "This is not what we agreed upon! You should give him the items and report secretly back to me."
  
  "He threw the items over board sir! "
  
  "I did no such thing. I don't know what you two are talking about. I was just standing here minding my own business when this individual came along and started this ruckus."
  
  "Well. I don't think we have any evidence against him now. I can't do anything." [[Mark]] is pretty angry but there is nothing you can do to change the situation. The items are gone. They would have definitly helped in the upcoming fight.
	- 1. [[001.02.02.07.10.01 Pers+Con 15]] "Sorry Sir but Akshan saw through our sheme and I had no other choice but to act quickly. Once I signaled you he threw the items overboard. I am sorry to report that we cannot arrest Akshan under these circumstances."
		- 001.02.02.07.10.01 Convince Mark about the items
			- SKILL CHECK
				- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
					- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
						- #InspirationSoldier
						- To Vignette [[001.02.02.07.16 Mark believes you]]
					- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
						- #InspirationGM
						- To Vignette [[001.02.02.07.17 Mark does not believe you]]
- 001.02.02.07.10.02 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- UPDATE Gameworld
			- Set Akshans standing towards the Players to 0
			- Delete Items in Akshans inventory and the equipped versions in Marks, Dworis, Saras and Johns inventory
				- [[001.02.05.01 Mark's Belt]]
				- [[001.02.05.01 Dwori's Malachite Copper Ring]]
				- [[001.02.05.01 Sara's Sapphire Necklace]]
				- [[001.02.05.01 John's Beryl Ring]]
				- Tell the Player about the impact this had on these characters stats
					- Mark
					- Dwori
					- Sara
					- John