- "Wuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuufff!"
  
  [[Wuffy]] sobs deeply and the wagging of his tail stops. 
  
  "[[Wuffy]] understands. No one likes [[Wuffy]] anymore except Master [[Dwori]] and Wuffys' best friend [[Shaun]] the Sheep perhaps. Now Wuffy has to starve here locked inside this room knowing that Master [[Dwori]] is blind and most likely terrified without [[Wuffy]] . And all of that because of that stupid [[Mark]] . Curse him!"
  
  Wuffys' face turns from sad to angry. He is starting to fletch his teeth.
  
  "[[Wuffy]] regrets nothing! [[Wuffy]] did a good thing when he bit that stupid [[Mark]]. Now he locked [[Wuffy]] up in here. He must have the keys to Wuffys prisooon. [[Wuffy]] saw him leaving for the top deck most probably he will be there turning that stupid wheel of his all day long!"
  
  You try to calm [[Wuffy]] and tell him that you don't hate him at all, you barely know him.
  
  "[[Wuffy]] appreciates your kind words human. But if [[Wuffy]] can't get out of here he will never see Master [[Dwori]] again."
	- 1. Wuuufff! Who is Mark? What battle are you talking about exactly?
		- 001.01.02.01.04.01 Wuffy closed door Mark? 3
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.07 Wuffy closed door Mark?]]
	- 2. Wuuufff! Why Wuffy sad?
		- 001.01.02.01.04.02 Wuffy closed door Wuffy sad 3
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.02 Wuffy closed door Wuffy sad]]
	- 3. Wuuufff! Why Wuffy starving?
		- 001.01.02.01.04.03 Wuffy closed door Wuffy starving 3
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.03 Wuffy closed door starving]]
	- 4. Wuuufff! Where are we?
		- 001.01.02.01.04.04 Wuffy closed door Wuffy Where? 4
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.05 Wuffy closed door Where?]]
	- 5. Wuuufff! Who is with you in that room?
		- 001.01.02.01.04.05 Wuffy closed door Who? 4
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.06 Wuffy closed door Who?]]
	- 6. Wuuufff! I go get the keys right now Wuffy! I will be back in a moment.
		- 001.01.02.01.04.06 END Dialogue
			- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
				- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.01 Wuffy is hungry]]
					- [[Wuffys meal: Wuffy is locked in the stern room of the lower deck and is very hungry. In order to feed him you have to open the door somehow.]]
			- END DIALOGUE
- 001.01.02.01.04.07 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- IF Player wants to End Dialogue
			- END DIALOGUE