- "What did you say?" In a burst of anger the huge crab starts to shout angrily. "[[Mr. Crabs]] I summon you! Come to me! AT ONCE!"
  
  You can hear a feint scuttling sound behind you coming from the port side. [[Mr Crabs]] slowly approaches with a nervous look on his face. He stops right next to you.
  
  "This human here…" the king points with one claw towards you "…claims that you [[Mr. Crabs]] my most trustworthy Advisor, the Procurer of The Treaty of the Seven Oceans, Keeper of the Sea, and so forth has been conspiring behind my back granting it access to an Essence of Water. What do you respond to these foul accusations?" 
  
  You can see the proud look of the king towards his ambassador. He is clearly very fond of him.
  
  "Well my king I have to admit the accusation is founded on the truth. But please your majesty hear me out and listen to the whole story."
  
  The look on the Kings' face is beginning to darken quite a bit. "Continue…" You can hear that the tone in his voice also changed to an impatient growl. [[Mr. Crabs]] clearly noticed that as well and you can feel that his confidence begins to fade.
  
  "You see my King we are currently trespassing as this ship represents their territory." You can tell by the confused look on the giant crabs face that he did not understand a word [[Mr. Crabs]] just told him. [[Mr. Crabs]] must have noticed that as well because he tries to rephrase his explanation. "This is a floating embassy my liege. Like the one we have close to the shark territory. This is exactly the same thing but it is floating and tailored to their needs because of their underdevelopement being unable to breathe under water." He finishes with the sentence: "I hope you can see that I only gave up the sphere in the effort to further bolster our great nations reputation my king. I humbly beg for your forgiveness and accept any punishment you may bestow upon me."
  
  During the whole speach you realize that the king never interrupted [[Mr. Crabs]] once. In contrary he seemed completely fascinated of [[Mr. Crabs]] and his eloquency.
  
  "Come, come [[Mr. Crabs]] I did not intend to punish you. This human only told me half the story. If I had known of the diplomatic subtelties I would have reacted differently of course. Now to you human. You may keep this Essence that my advisor gave you. Consider it a gift to your people. But I remind you there is no way you can expect more than that. Also we will not leave this ship even though it is your territory. It is our sacred duty to protect the Essence of the ocean and we will stay until we are completely sure that we gathered everything."
	- 1. This is not acceptable! They are trespassing and you have every right to kill them! Attack!
		- 001.02.02.09.04.01 Attack the Crabs
			- UPDATE Gameworld
				- SET ENCOUNTER
					- [[001.02.03.09 The Crabs]] to Hostile
			- #InspirationBarbarian
			- END DIALOGUE
	- 2. "Is there nothing I can do to gain your favour oh King of Crabs?"
		- 001.02.02.09.04.02 Favour for the Crabs
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.09.03 Favour for the Crabs]]