- "Määähhh really! Määähhh! I am very happy to hear that! Well I guess if you have already dealt with these pesky rats before you can try and get rid of whatever is inside my sack of corn over there."
  
  "I am glad you trust me on this one [[Shaun]]."
  
  As you try to take a step forward to walk around the sheep you realize pretty quickly that he still won't move.
  
  It is then that you hear Shauns' voice but two octaves deeper than before. "Take the long route!"
  
  Intimadated by his deep voice you barely dare to ask one last question. "Ähm [[Shaun]] you said [[Wuffy]] is a friend of yours right?"
  
  "Määähhhh indeed! Why what is he up to again?"
  
  "Well he is locked up inside the stern room on the lower deck of the ship and is starving down there. I would like to prepare a meal for him to feed him and I am in need of milk would you mind to…"
  
  "Määähhhh are you kidding me? You do know that I am as masculin as you can get right? You ain't getting any milk from me my friend!"
  
  "Well then would you mind to tell your friend on the captains deck to share some of her milk?"
  
  "Määhh!" He gives you an angry look. "Sure no problem you should just have said so before…!"
	- 001.02.02.08.04.01 Milk
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.02.02.08.A.00004.02 Everybody hates the rats]]
				- [[Everybody hates the rats: You helped Shaun to get rid of the rats. They won't bother him any longer. In exchange you are allowed to milk Shaunella and to clean out his Food Stash.]]
		- Update to Gameworld
			- Unlock the Sack in the corner next to Shaun
			- REWARD
				- Player
					- [[001.02.06.01 Shaun is happy 30XP]]
		- END DIALOGUE