- He grabs him by the shoulder and you can make out his distant voice as he reads the recipe out loud. Then the two of them engage in a short but intense discussion that ends abruptly. [[Mark]] grabs [[Dwori]] by the shoulder and then ties his hands behind his back. Then he leads [[Dwori]] back on the captains floor where you are currently commandeering the ship. [[Mark]] signals you that he will be right back then he leaves to the lower deck. A short while later he returns and takes over the steering wheel.
  
  "Thank you for your honesty! [[Dwori]] admitted everything. But he does not regret it at all. He hates you! In fact he wants to kill you! That is the reason I had to lock him up. I can't have someone on board my ship who I cannot trust. 
  
  Now concerning [[Wuffy]]! I have no other option but to end his life. The alternative would be to let him starve down there which would be just inhumane. Please take this!" [[Mark]] hands you a small bottle. "This is a very potent poison. I would be relieved if you could poison [[Wuffy]] instead of just slitting his throat. At least that much I owe [[Dwori]]."
	- 001.02.02.01.32.01 Report no Secret
		- TRANSFER ITEM
			- [[001.02.05.01 Poison Bottle]] from Marks' Inventory TO
				- Player Inventory
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.02.02.01.A.00002.11 Wuffys meal]]
				- [[Wuffys Meal: Mark imprisoned Dwori for his betrayal. He wants you to end Wuffys life with the least amount of pain possible. He gave you a poison potion and wants you to add it to any kind of meal that Wuffy would normally eat.]]