- Dimitry injects the third syringe carefully into the brain of the bug before him. He slowly turns towards you.
  
  "Have you managed to kill that bloody oaf Pierre? Finally I got rid of this useless piece of shit. And now you dare to interrupt me. I have waited a whole week on the Meatbugs to fully grow in order to conduct my experiment. I am going to kill you for this."
  
  Dimitry turns off the machine behind him. One of the Meatbugs that Dimitry injected the liquid into starts to twitch. Its razor sharp claws open and close. Slowly at first but rapidly increasing its speed until a snapping sound indicates its utter lethality. The fourth Meatbug is still sleeping but you have no doubt that the effects of the sedative will wear off soon enough on it too.
  
  "Looks like only one made it. It does not matter. I will crush you!"
- 001.05.01.03.01.01 Dimitry fight
	- PAUSE GAME
	- REMOVE INGAME STATUS
		- Injected Meaty Meatbug
			- Blinded
		- Injected Nimble Meatbug
			- Blinded
		- Injected Strong Meatbug
			- Blinded
			  id:: 68fe3aa5-f7ec-4ab3-9c19-2aab9531cd34
		- Sleepy Meatbug
			- Blinded
	- SET INGAME STATUS on the Meatbug that survived
		- Injected Meaty Meatbug
			- Sleeping for 1 Turn
		- Injected Nimble Meatbug
			- Sleeping for 1 Turn
		- Injected Strong Meatbug
			- Sleeping for 1 Turn
		- Sleepy Meatbug
			- Sleeping for 3 Turns
	- SET ENCOUNTER
		- [[001.05.03.03 Dimitry]] to Hostile
	- Battle Mechanic
		- Once the Player kills an Injected Meatbug the GM has to drag the corresponding Flesh-Mob to the location the Meatbug died and activate it.
			- The Flesh-Mobs are located in [[001.05.01.02 The enemy Ship 1st Deck The Doctor's Laboratory]]
			- The corresponding Flesh-Mobs are
				- Injected Meaty Meatbug -> Bloated Meaty Meatbug Corpse
				- Injected Nimble Meatbug -> Bloated Nimble Meatbug Corpse
				- Injected Strong Meatbug -> Bloated Strong Meatbug Corpse
				- Injected Sleepy Meatbug -> Bloated Sleepy Meatbug Corpse