- "...you were thrown in the brigg... for a crime you did not commit..." You remember all of it clearly: "The magister ship that pursued you. The inevitable battle."
  
  In front of your cage are a three Magisters. A very tall and intimidating figure catches your attention. He speaks to another man in long robes and greasy, long hair. Another magister who seems to be of much lower rank sits on a stool next to the iron cage that holds you.
  
  "See what you can use them for. I don't care if they die during the procedure. I just want you to be first in succeeding with your experiments. Think of all the riches and power we will receive as a reward, Dimitry."
  
  "You don't have to remind me Clover. If you had not beaten the others half to death I would have had even more fresh suspects for my experiments."
  
  "I know Dimitry... I know... and I am sorry, but they just would not give up. You know how stubborn these Legionnaires can be sometimes... ooh look they are waking up. Here take the key to the storage room in case you need anything from their supplies. And please don't take too much time with your Meatbugs."
  
  "How many times do I have to tell you Clover? The animal testing phase is very important! They deliver far better results than the human trials ever did!"
  
  "Yes, yes I know..." Clover sighs. "But they don't warrent a reward that high." With these words he leaves the brigg.
  
  Dimitry turns to you again and inspects you like a farmer would inspect his livestock selecting it for the butcher. He then turns towards the guard sitting in front of your cage. "I expect no drinking from you tonight Pierre. I have to conduct some final experiments in my laboratory and then I will get one of the prisoners. If I find you drinking or god forbid sleeping on duty again, I will use you for the experiment instead. Is that understood?"
  
  Pierre seems to be very much guilty of the accusations as he responds quickly with a nervous stutter in his voice: "Ye..Ye...Ye... Yes o..of course doctor."
  
  With one last glance towards you and a reassuring look towards the thick iron bars that seperate you from the rest of the room he leaves. 
  
  Pierre sighs and sits upright on his stool. He tries hard to ignore you. You inspect the rest of the room. Right next to you in another cell, seperated by another wall of iron bars, lies the rest of the crew unconscious. They are beaten up badly and Mark seems to miss.
  
  The brigg is lit by a dim flickering lantern. But inspite of the poor lighting you can make out an unusually big rat.
- logseq.order-list-type:: number
  1. T