- He grabs him by the shoulder and you can make out his distant voice as he reads the recipe out loud. [[Dwori]] falls down to his knees and you can hear his begging. [[Mark]] kneels down to him and looks him straight in the eye. You can't make out what he told him but after he finishes [[Dwori]] turns pale and cowers down on the planks. [[Mark]] stands up and returns to you to take over the steering wheel again.
  
  "Thank you for your honesty! [[Dwori]] admitted everything. He regrets everything deeply and accepts his punishement." [[Mark]] pauses for a moment then he continues. Once we return to the capital he will stand trial and will most likely go to jail for treason. That is if he makes it through the upcoming battle of course." [[Mark]] is clearly hit hard by the fact that [[Dwori]] betrayed him and after a long pause he continues: 
  
  "Now concerning [[Wuffy]]! I have no other option but to end his life. The alternative would be to let him starve down there which would be just inhumane. Please take this!" [[Mark]] hands you a small bottle. "This is a very potent poison. I would be relieved if you could poison [[Wuffy]] instead of just slitting his throat. At least that much I owe [[Dwori]]."
- 001.02.02.01.33.01
	- UPDATE GM Journal
		- [[001.02.02.01.A.01 Report Dwori secretly regrets]]
	- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
		- [[001.02.02.01.A.00002.12 Wuffys meal]]
			- [[Wuffys Meal: Dwori deeply regrets his treason and will stand trial once you make it back to the capital. Mark wants you to end Wuffys life with the least amount of pain possible. He gave you a poison potion and wants you to add it to any kind of meal that Wuffy would normally eat.]]
	- TRANSFER ITEM
		- [[001.02.05.01 Poison Bottle]] from Marks' Inventory TO
			- Player Inventory