- [[001.02.02.07.A.00007.01 The Thief]]
	- [[The Thief: You decided to tell Mark about Akshans true intentions on board the ship. He is a thief that should be punished.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00007.02 Items returned]]
	- [[The Thief: You managed to return the items to Mark. He forgives you and respects you for honoring your promise.]]
- [[001.02.02.07.A.00007.03 The Thief]]
	- [[The Thief: You agreed to steal some items for Akshan. He wants Dwori's Malachite Copper Ring, Sara's Sapphire Necklace, John's Beryl Ring and Mark's Belt.]]
- [[001.02.02.07.A.00007.04 The Thief]]
	- [[The Thief: Akshan took the bait and fell right into your trap. Mark imprisoned him on the lower deck.]]
- [[001.02.02.07.A.00007.05 Mark believes the items are gone]]
	- [[The Thief: You lied to Mark and told him that the items fell overboard during the handover. You will to fight the upcoming battle without the items. At least you got a discount on Akshans goods.]]
- [[001.02.02.07.A.00007.06 Mark does not believe the items are gone]]
	- [[The Thief: You lied to Mark and told him the items fell overboard during the handover. He did not believe you and arrested you.]]
- [[001.02.02.07.A.00007.07 Steal back the items]]
	- [[The Thief: Akshan saw through your sheme and cornered you. You had no other choice but to accept his deal. Now Mark accuses you of stelaing the items and holds you responsible for their dissapearance. If you manage to bring them back to him he is willing to overlook the incident. If not he will imprison you for theft.]]
- [[001.02.02.07.A.00007.08 Could not steal back the items]]
	- [[The Thief: You did not manage to steal back the items from Akshan. Mark arrested you for theft.]]
- [[001.02.02.07.A.00007.09 Mark believes the items are gone]]
	- [[The Thief: Mark believed you that Akshan threw the items overboard after the handover. You will have to fight the upcoming battle without the items. Sadly you can't proof that Akshan is guilty and there is nothing you can do to imprison him. Surely he won't give you the discount he promised you after this incident.]]
- [[001.02.02.07.A.00007.10 Mark does not believe the items are gone]]
	- [[The Thief: Mark did not belive you when you told him that Akshan threw the items overboard during the handover. He arrested you for theft.]]