- "Hello there! Why are you so sad?"
  
  The young dwarf flips around to you and stares next to you in the sky. His remaining left eye is turning left and right in its socket so you are pretty sure that he cannot see you. His tears are gone and he is a changed man in comparison to the whining bundle he was before you announced yourself.
  
  "Who are you? What do you want? How long have you been here for?" He showers you with questions which comfirm that he is indeed blind.
  
  You think for a moment and decide it would be best if you do not tell him about the enemy ship that is following you. He seems pretty shaken already. "Well I am a fellow comrade that fought in the battle just as you did. I want to help you if that is within my capabilities. I just arrived and heard a little bit about your sorrows."
  
  The dwarf had pushed himself a little bit up and supports the weight of his wide upper body with his arms. Now that he knows who you are and that you are no threat to him he lays back down on the makeshift bed.
  
  "Well then if you heard my muttering you know everything already. I am [[Dwori]] the cook on board this ship. I took part in the same battle and was struck by a lightning spell directly into my face. I was lucky and somehow with the care of [[Sara]] our healer I managed to survive. But I am blinded since that unfortunate day. Now I can't even care for my dog anymore. Tell me have you seen [[Wuffy]] my dog? Is he still alive? I know that it must sound crazy but I really care for him!"
  
  "Yes I have seen him he is currently on the lower deck locked into the stern room."
  
  "Locked into the stern room? But Why? Does he have enough to eat? You know [[Wuffy]] always liked my meals the most! He is the only one who really appreciates them! That's why I always cook double rations and make sure [[Wuffy]] gets a good..." [[Dwori]] stops in the middle of the sentence. "I don't know why I have said that! I should not have said that. Just forget what I have said! Please don't tell [[Mark]] about that! He would have [[Wuffy]] thrown over board if he would know about that."
  
  You just stay silent. [[Dwori]] takes that as a yes and continues: "[[Wuffy]] only eats my meals, nothing else! So I guess he is hungry?"
  
  "Well about that... How should I put it? It seems as if he is starving down there."
  
  "Whaaat? That's absurd! [[Mark]] would never let that happen!"
  
  "When you all came back from the fight [[Wuffy]] got really angry and he bit the [[General]] that's why [[Wuffy]] is locked away in the first place."
  
  "Ahh I understand! Well [[Wuffy]] must have seen that I was badly injured after the fight and he knew that I did not want to go into that battle and he thinks I only did it because of [[Mark]]. So I guess he got angry at him. Please help [[Wuffy]]! Here take these recipes and prepare him a nice meal! And take this you might need it in order to get into the stern room."
  
  [[Dwori]] hands you a lockpick.
  
  "You seem to know everything your dog wants. How do you do that?"
  
  "Ohhh I almost forgot!" [[Dwori]] searches his pockets and presents a wide silver ring. "Here take this ring! If you put it on it lets you speak to [[Wuffy]]. If you talk to [[Wuffy]] and show him the ring he will know I sent you and will trust you completely!"
  
  You take the ring and take a quick look at the recipes [[Dwori]] gave you. "Does a complete meal for [[Wuffy]] includes all that is written down here?"
  
  "Well..." [[Dwori]] scratches his head. "He is picky! So it would be best if you ask him yourself before you prepare anything! He knows best what he wants."
	- 1. "Alright I help your dog! Just one question can I borrow your handkerchiefs?"
		- 001.02.02.05.01.01 Handkerchiefs?
			- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
				- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.05 Wuffys meal]]
					- [[Wuffys meal: You agreed to feed Dworis dog Wuffy on the lower decks. The task appears to be more complicated than you thought because apparently Wuffy is quite the gourmet. You are to ask Wuffy what he wants to eat with the power of the magical ring that Dwori gave you.]]
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.05.03 Handkerchiefs?]]
	- 2. "Dwori your handling of our food supplies is completely unresponsible! We are almost starving! I am reporting you!"
		- 001.02.02.05.01.02 Report?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.05.04 Report?]]
	- 3. Don't tell him that you are going to report him to the General ask him if you can borrow his handkerchiefs instead.
		- 001.02.02.05.01.03 Handkerchiefs?
			- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
				- [[001.02.02.05.A.02 Report Dwori secretly]]
			- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
				- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.07 Wuffys meal]]
					- [[Wuffys meal: Dwori has been feeding Wuffy far too much. His recipes prove that he is stealing food from the crew so his dog may dine on the finest specialities he can possibly serve. You did not tell him directly that you are going to report him to Mark. By keeping it secret you hope that he might get a chance to redeem himself by confessing his crime when Mark confronts him.]]
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.05.03 Handkerchiefs?]]
- 001.02.02.05.01.04 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- TRANSFER ITEM
			- [[001.02.05.01 Dworis Copper Ring]] from Dworis' inventory AND
			- [[001.02.05.01 Dworis Food Recipes]] from Dworis' Inventory AND
			- [[001.02.05.01 Dworis Lockpick]] from Dworis' Inventory TO
				- Player Inventory
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.05.A.03 Talked to Dwori Recipes received]]