- You search the desk for anything that might give you a clue on what the Docotr is researching on. You find a large book that is labeled with: "Mind Maggots by Dr. Dimitry"
  
  You open it and start to read...
- Date: 21st of December 1565Ea
  Topic: Mind Maggots general information
  
  Mind Maggots are between 15cm to 20cm long grey colored worms who latch onto their prey and control them through some sort of mind meld. The effect is short but often long enough to cause enough harm to the victim. Mind Maggots possess a strange life cycle. When they are born they share a mind bond with their mother doing her every bidding. Once the mother dies they loose this connection and gain their free will. The same happens to the next generation. They seem to be quite resilient to any kind of poison or physical damage to their body. Their life expectancy is 25 years. They seem to possess above average intelligence to comparable worm-like species.
- Date: 6th of July 1566Ea
  Topic: Mind Maggots Injection Testing Phase Summary
  
  Injection of 1,25ml of distilled Source into the cranium of the Mind Maggots' Mother resulted in instant death
  Injection of 1,20ml of distilled Source into the cranium of the Mind Maggots' Mother resulted in instant death
  Injection of 1,15ml of distilled Source into the cranium of the Mind Maggots' Mother resulted in instant death
  Injection of 1,00ml of distilled Source into the cranium of the Mind Maggots' Mother resulted in prolonged suffering and death
  Injection of 0,85ml of distilled Source into the cranium of the Mind Maggots' Mother resulted in suffering for 25 hours and death
  Injection of 0,70ml of distilled Source into the cranium of the Mind Maggots' Mother resulted in suffering for 47 hours and death
  Injection of 0,55ml of distilled Source into the cranium of the Mind Maggots' Mother resulted in suffering for 74 hours then stabilizing of vital parameters
  Injection of 0,60ml of distilled Source into the cranium of the Mind Maggots' Mother resulted in suffering for 129 hours and death
  Injection of 0,59ml of distilled Source into the cranium of the Mind Maggots' Mother resulted in suffering for 246 hours and death
  Injection of 0,58ml of distilled Source into the cranium of the Mind Maggots' Mother resulted in suffering for 314 hours then stabilizing of vital parameters
  Injection of 0,57ml of distilled Source into the cranium of the Mind Maggots' Mother resulted in suffering for 221 hours then stabilizing of vital parameters
  
  There are countless other trials with 0,58ml of distilled Source listed below. At the end of the list is a summary: 
  Survival rate with 0,58ml of distilled Source: 87,5% Failure rate to control the mother: 0,93%
  Survival rate with 0,57ml of distilled Source: 97,7% Failure rate to control the mother: 38,9%
  
  Result: Far better results in controlling the mother with the downside of 93 hours prolonged batch time. Recommended dose for future Injections: 0,58ml
- Date: 10th of November 1566Ea
  Topic: Introduction of Mind Maggot inside the frontal cortex of a common house cat
  
  Anesthetics: Chloroform introduced via intubation
  Drill size: 6mm
  Access Point: Os frontale
  Result: Death by Stroke
  
  Anesthetics: Chloroform introduced via intubation
  Drill size: 6mm
  Access Point: Os frontale
  Result: Death by bleeding inside the cranal cavity
  
  Anesthetics: Chloroform introduced via intubation
  Drill size: 6mm
  Access Point: Os frontale
  Result: Death by Infection
  
  The list goes on and you flick through at least a hundred pages until the entries stop and a result is scribbled down.
  Summary: No successfull introduction of a Source infused Mind Maggot to the frontal cortex of a common house cat could be achieved within 947 attempts. The specimen always dies after approximately 73 hours. Cause of death: Infection.
  
  Personal Note: It seems I have hit a dead end in my research. I have to unwind and will accept the invitation of my old friend from the Academy of Medicine in Arx Vasili. Nikolai my old roommate will join us during the holiday.
- Date: 12th of February 1567Ea
  Topic: Integrating the Mind Maggot to the immune system of