- The enemy ship slowly approaches. This is the moment you waited for. You feel the whole crew is ready to fight until the end. You can see the enemy soldiers taking their battle stations. They all get in position on the captains deck ready to board your ship. You can see powerful looking mages and fierce soldiers in heavy plate armor. Suddenly a deep voice from the captains deck drowns out all the squeaking of planks bashing against each other, the flapping of sails in the morning breeze and the rumbling of waves. 
  
  "I am [[Clover]]! Captain of the Endurance. I see you are ready for a fight. This is not necessary! We are willing to accept your surrender."
  
  "Pahhh!" [[Mark]] laughs back. "Do you think we would fall for such a cheap trick? We will never surrender!"
  
  "Well my offer stands everyone who wants to give up now will be spared."
- 1. "It is time to shut him up. Let's fight."
	- 001.04.02.01.01 Fight
		- Nobody is allowed to sneak. The players may however reposition their characters on their ship and tell the GM when they wish to start the fight.
		- SET ENCOUNTER
			- [[001.04.03.01 Magister Crew]] to Hostile
	- END DIALOGUE
- 2. "On second thought Clovers offer doesn't sound that bad. We surrender. Let Mark fight his own battle."
	- UPDATE GM Journal
		- [[001.03.02.01.A.01 Ship Battle Surrender]]
	- UPDATE Gameworld
		- Players AND Mr.Crabs have to go to the Captains Deck of the Endurance and have to line up.
		- SET INGAME STATUS
			- Player AND
			- Mr. Crabs
				- Tied for -1 rounds AND
				- Knocked Down for -1 rounds
		- Then the players have to fight the battle as the rest of the group, starting from the stern of the enemy ship with Mark in his original starting location on the captains deck. When Mark is down the crew surrenders.
		- As the GM try to kill Mark as soon as possible.
	- #InspirationVillain
	- END DIALOGUE
	- To Vignette 001.05.01.?)