- "Well your joke was really bad but I got the message…." 
  
  Her sadness fades away and the look in her eyes starts to clear up a little bit, as if she is regaining her ability to think straight. 
  
  "…my name is [[Sara]] by the way." 
  
  She takes a deep breath before she continues.
  
  "Before he died [[Arandim]] told me that he was part of a secret legion that operated behind enemy lines. I don't know when he joined them. It must have been some years after our training at the military academy. Before I started the operation he told me about a completely new and secret discovery of the enemy. 
  
  He did not understand the purpose of this discovery but he stole all the necessary documents in order to disrupt their research completely and set them back at least 10 years. When his pain became unbearable he started to hallucinate and babbled something about immortality."
  
  You are starting to put the pieces together. "[[Arandim]] told you the last clue of his discovery. It must be in his bag like he said: My life is inside the bag."
	- 1. "Where is his bag? I need it!"
		- 001.02.02.03.05.01 Arandims' Bag
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.06 Take Bag]]
	- 2. It doesn't matter any more he is dead and nothing can bring him back again. Don't even look inside the bag.
		- 001.02.02.03.05.02 Forget the bag
			- Update GM Journal:
				- [[001.02.02.03.A.02 Friendship with Sara]]
			- #InspirationBarbarian
			- CHECK 01
				- Player CHECK STATUS
					- #beestings TRUE OR
					- #beestingshardcore TRUE
						- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.28 Sara Help Beestings]]
			- CHECK 02
				- Player CHECK STATUS
					- #beestings FALSE AND
					- #beestingshardcore FALSE
						- END DIALOGUE