- "Survival behind enemy lines" The Guide
  
  Being cought behind enemy lines is always an experience you better try to avoid. But when you find yourself in such a scenario there are a couple of simple tricks that might give you the small advantage you need in order to get out alive. The most important thing you need are weapons. Here is a list of easy weapons to craft. Please note that the recipes might be redundant because you might have different materials available to you depending on your situation.
  
  When it comes to weapons there are different skills you have to possess in order to use them effectively. Swords, Maces and Axes require strenght. Daggers, Spears, Bows and Crossbows require Finesse. Wands and Staffs require Intelligence. We focus on weapons that are easy to obtain and highlight their strenghts.
- With maces it is easier to land a critical blow that will deal even more damage than with other strength based weapons. Two-handed Maces are ideal for heavy hitting frontliners. Whereas One-handed Maces let you easyily avoid enemy attacks. Due to their small size you are nimble and may dodge an incoming attack. You can craft a two handed mace by wrapping either a cloth or a leather scrap around a long branch and use that side as a handle. An other alternative Would be to wrap said materials around a tong. For a one handed mace take a long branch and attach three sharp rocks at the tip of the weapon.
	- Detailed description of Buffs from Maces
		- One-handed
			- + 3% Critical Chance
			- + 3% Dodging
		- Two-Handed
			- + 6% Critical Chance
			- + 5% Critical Damage
- Daggers seem not that powerfull at first glance but when you attack your foe from the correct angle and stab them in the back you can reliably deal devastating damage. They are very light weapons and therefore don't hinder your movement at all. You will be even more nimble and fast on the battlefield while wielding daggers. You will also find that you are more likely to hit enemies with these light and easy to handle weapons. If you want to craft a dagger just take a Sharp piece of metal and wrap either a cloth scrap, a handkerchief or a leather scrap around the blunt end. Alternatively find yourself a hammer and an anvil and bend that sharp piece of metal to your liking.
	- Detailed description of Buffs from Daggers
		- + 0.5 Movement
		- + 5% Accuracy
		- + 3% Dodging
		- Can Backstabb. Backstabbing deals critical damage when you attack from behind your target.
- Spears are very versatile weapons. You will find that they have a longer reach than all the other weapons. This fact makes it easier to dodge incoming attacks, easier to hit your opponents from afar and it makes it easier to find a weak spot at your enemy and land a critical blow. When crafting a spear you always need a long branch. You can either put an arrowhead or a sharp piece of metal at the tip of the branch and you already built yourself an effective spear. Another way to craft a spear is to attach any knife with a rope to a long branch.
	- Detailed description of Buffs from Spears
		- + 10% Accuracy
		- + 6% Critical Chance
		- + 6% Dodging
- To protect yourself from the enemies attacks one needs a good armor. In an extreme situation you would take anything and thats exactely what I did. I took some Leather scraps or some metal scraps and sewed them together with a neddle and thread and used that as my armour. What follows is a description of all the possible ways I learned how to craft light and medium armor and their respective benefits. As a general rule of thumb: Mage armor provides more magical than physical armor and Light armor provides a more or less balanced protection against both magical and physical attacks. I never crafted heavy armor because the materials to do so were too hard to come by. But if you are able to do so you must know that it provides excellent protection against physical attacks but only weak protection against magical damage.
- |Result  |Tool 1   |Tool 2   |Ingredient 1   |Ingredient 2   |Ingredient 3   |Ingredient 4   |Ingredient 5   |Bonus   |
  |Mage Cloth Helmet    |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Cloth Scraps   |Cloth Scraps   |   |   |   |Initiative: + 1   |
  |Mage Leather Helmet   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Cloth Scraps   |Leather Scraps   |   |   |   |Bonus Armor: 1/3 -> 2/4; 1/4 -> 2/5   |
  |Light Leather Helmet   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Leather Scraps   |Leather Scraps   |   |   |   |Initiative: + 1   |
  |Light Chain Helmet   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Leather Scraps   |Scale Scraps   |   |   |   |Bonus Armor: 2/1 -> 3/2; 2/2 -> 3/3   |
  |Mage Cloth Gloves   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Cloth Scraps   |   |   |   |   |Initiative: + 1   |
  |Mage Leather Gloves   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Leather Scraps   |   |   |   |   |Bonus Armor: 1/3 -> 2/4; 1/4 -> 2/5   |
  |Light Leather Gloves   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Metal Scraps   |Leather Scraps   |   |   |   |Initiative: + 1   |
  |Light Chain Gloves   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Metal Scraps   |Scale Scraps   |   |   |   |Bonus Armor: 2/1 -> 3/2; 2/2 -> 3/3   |
  |Mage Cloth Armour   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Cloth Scraps   |Cloth Scraps   |Leather Scraps   |   |   |Initiative: + 1   |
  |Mage Leather Armour   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Cloth Scraps   |Leather Scraps   |Leather Scraps   |   |   |Bonus Armor: 1/5 -> 3/7; 2/7 -> 4/9   |
  |Light Leather Armour   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Leather Scraps   |Leather Scraps   |Scale Scraps   |   |   |Initiative: + 1   |
  |Light Chain Armour   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Leather Scraps   |Scale Scraps   |Scale Scraps   |   |   |Bonus Armor: 3/2 -> 5/4; 5/3 -> 7/5   |
  |Mage Cloth Lowerbody   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Cloth Scraps   |Cloth Scraps   |Rope   |   |   |Dodging: + 3%   |
  |Mage Leather Lowerbody   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Leather Scraps   |Leather Scraps   |Rope   |   |   |Bonus Armor: 1/4 -> 2/5; 1/5 -> 3/6   |
  |Light Leather Lowerbody   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Leather Scraps   |Scale Scraps   |Rope   |   |   |Accuracy: + 3%   |
  |Light Chain Lowerbody   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Scale Scraps   |Rope   |   |   |   |Bonus Armor: 2/1 -> 3/3; 3/2 -> 4/3   |
  |Mage Cloth Boots   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Cloth Scraps   |Cloth Scraps   |Nails   |Rope   |   |Dodging: + 3%   |
  |Mage Leather Boots   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Leather Scraps   |Leather Scraps   |Nails   |Rope   |   |Bonus Armor: 1/3 -> 2/4; 1/4 -> 2/5   |
  |Light Leather Boots   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Leather Scraps   |Scale Scraps   |Nails   |Rope   |   |Accuracy: + 3%   |
  |Light Chain Boots   |Workbench   |Needle&Thread   |Scale Scraps   |Scale Scraps   |Nails   |Rope   |   |Bonus Armor: 2/1 -> 3/2; 2/2 -> 3/3   |
- Aside from weapons and armor I picked up a lot of other useful knowledge along the way. 
  
  To survive an extended period of time you need some food. A key component in cooking that food is your cooking station. Just put a cooking pot on top of a campfire and you are good to go.
  
  For some of my comrades who prefered to fight from afar I tried to provide them with a means to craft their own bowstrings. I found a rather fascinating and one might even say disgusting way of doing so. All you need to gather is two hairs and weave them together to get some thread.  Once you have five pieces of thread weave them together to get some stronger sinew. Then take two strands of sinew and weave that together to get a nice bowstring. I think there might be a more efficient way of doing that but that worked for me in the field all these years.
  
  For some of my armors I need to do some sewing so just take a thread and a needle to start your work.
  
  The armors also require a lot of leather scraps. What I used to do is to get the hide of an animal and just cut out the pieces i need with any kind of knife or cutting tool.
  
  In order to get some more durable rope you need wool. Just take two fluffy bunches of them and twist yourself some yarn. Then twist two pieces of yarn together in order to get some rope.
  
  The last recipe I want to share in this guide might be the most useful of them all. I found over the years that a lot of enemy mages freeze the whole battleground and the chances of slipping on the ice are quite high. Not only is it most embarrassing to do so but it throws you back a lot in a fight. To prevent that from happening I invented a nice method that I call the winter boots. Just find some nails and take your boots and press them trough the sole and you never slip again.