- As you browse through the diary you can make out that two pages have been ripped out. After carefully examining the book you can make out that a third page has been carefully removed and is now missing.
  
  19th of June 1568Ea. Dear diary, today was a wonderfull day in school we learned all about the art of controlling water to our advantage. Allie was the first of our class to conjure the desired armor of frost. She is such a talented mage. She promised me to teach me tomorrow after school even though it is forbidden to try out new spells without the teachers around. Its too dangerous they say. But we are not stupid enough to get caught. We discovered a cave close to the school and apart from some bones lying around it looked completely abandoned.
  
  20th of June 1568Ea. It was a horrible idea to enter that cave during the night. What looked so harmless yesterday in daylight turned into a horrorshow. Once we went down into the cave and started our training we suddenly heard a couple of rocks rolling into the cave entrance. At first we did not even notice the sound but the poltering grew louder as more rocks were coming down the small tunnel. At first we thought that the teachers might have discovered that we were missing and are now searching for us so we quickly hid behind a couple of boulders at the edge of the cave on the opposite side of the entrance. Allie quickly got rid of her conjured flame that had been spending us the much needed light and we waited. The poltering suddenly stopped. A few heartbeats later I heard a kind of sliding movement as if a body is being dragged by the feet. But in order to drag someone, someone has to walk and that was the odd thing here. There were no footsteps, just this slithering sound. It grew louder and louder as it came closer to us. I couldn't see my own hand in front of my face so there was no point in peeking. Then we suddenly heard a hissing sound  It was in that moment that I knew that we were doomed. I knew then and there that the creature we were facing must be a snake of some sort and because of the loud slithering it must be a huge one. There are not many creatures fitting this description. Frankly only one fits the description, a medusa snake. I remember the horrifying pictures I saw in the books in the library. These large monsters are half snake and half human. The upper trunk of a human is somehow growing outside of these snakes and is completely disfigured. It has four arms as if the legs turned to another pair of arms. The head has no similarity to any human being whatsoever. It is more like a grotesque reptile head with three snakes sprouting out of its backhead on each side. These heads are able to petrify you within a blink of an eye and the only thing you will hear is a distant scream. Next to me I could feel that Allie was moving I tried to stop her but it was too late. When i grabbed her robe in order to pull her back to safety I only felt a cold statue. She had been turned into stone. The anger exploded inside me and in my rage I grabbed the sword from Allies' belt that she always had with her in case magic failed her. Her belt that had been turned to stone broke and my swetty hands were sticking to the dusty stone handle of the sword like two sheets of paper glued together. That was for the best because the loud hissing sound next to me frightend me to death and I fear I would have lost my grip. But instead I closed my eyes and turned around. One clean well weighed and strong thrust with the sword was all I had. I was well aware of that so I lunged forward into the darkness my eyes still closed. I felt the blade penetrating the scales of the snake and the hissing that followed told me that I must have hit the beast that hard that it was fleeing to the entrance. After a couple of seconds I opened my eyes and there was only darkness surrounding me. I tried to conjure up the same type of flames that Allie had kept going for us so effortlessly during the whole night, but I only managed some sparks. Well Allie is the better mage between the two of us, but I like to believe that I have my strenghts too. I knew that there would not be enough time to get Allie back to the school or to get the teachers in order to help her so I searched my pouch for something usefull and found the little scroll that Mr. Bethaniell gave me the other day. He said to me whenever your friend is in great danger take this scroll look directly into her eyes and read the words written on this scroll. I could not think of anything better so that was what I did. The scroll ripped and turned to ash as soon as I said the words. For a moment I felt the same bitter freezing cold creeping up my heart that Allie must have felt when she turned to stone, but then it was over. Allie began to move again started to breath and fell on the floor. We ran as fast as we could, never stopping to catch breath, never turning our heads to look back to that cave.
  
  21st of June 1568Ea. Today I was talking to Mr. Bethaniell. After what happened yesterday I want to know everything about this scroll he gave me. He told me a lot of usefull Information about the scroll and about scrolls in general. "You don't have to be a great mage in order to perform great magic" he said. "All you need is a special kind of paper and the right ingredients. The paper is hard to come by so it is easier to make it yourself. All you need is some wood chips and water. When you put them in the water they start quelling and turn into some kind of pulp. That's the stuff you want. Take the pulp to an oven and provided you have enough time you get a sheet of paper. You can turn this paper into all kinds of spells each requiring different kinds of materials. The one I gave you is the so called Soul Mate Scroll. It will bind yourself with your friend so you share her pain and heal her from her suffering. You need the sheet of paper, some wheat and a tormented soul. Now what is this tormented soul you might wonder. When a life ends you are, at least we believe that, not immediately dead. Instead your soul clings to this world and slowly fades away over time. The longer you are dead the more it will fade away. I try to differentiate between qualities. I know it sounds harsh but its purely scientific. Wait a couple of days and the strongest form the Alien Tormented Soul turns into a high-quality one, and a couple of days after that into a normal one. Not all souls are harvestable though, and I have found no pattern concerning their appearance. Once harvested their quality does not degrade any longer. Be carefull though, not everybody might be very fond of you taking the soul of a friend, even if you try to use it for good." I write this down because every word he said burned inside my mind. "You don't have to be a great mage in order to perform great magic…" There is still hope for me even though I seem so untalented, at least compared to Allie.