- The huge crab tilts its head a little bit and its whole body shifts as it does so. "Well there is one thing you could do. Technically if you were to be our ally you would have access to a small portion of Essences per year. That would count as a token of good will between our nations of course. Isn't that right ambassador?" The king is obviously trying to make this work and you can sense that he is trying to gain something out of this deal.
  
  Eager to jump in [[Mr. Crabs]] responds. "Indeed my liege. Technically speaking that would be possible. I cite the Treaty of the Seven Oceans that, if I may add I have composed myself. Quote: "In the unlikely event of an alignement between the great nation of Crabs and another inferior state a small token of our gratitude may be granted by The King. End quote."
  
  "Very well [[Mr. Crabs]]! Ah the Treaty of the Seven Oceans. It really is your masterpiece! Now back to business. In order to join us you have to swear loyalty to our nation and fight against our enemies. And that is where our deal comes in. You see we have relatives that live close to the coast and they are fighting a holy war against our fierce enemy: The birds! Now I sense such a presence on board this ship and I am not talking about those chicken over there! They are harmless creatures as they are unable to fly and their airforce is therefore underdeveloped. With my superior senses I feel that there is another monstrosity on board this ship!" As he finishes his sentence you can see that his eyes are fixated on a small splat of bird dung in the rigging of the sails. Most likely it originates from the owl on the lower decks. "If you are able to proof your loyalty by bringing us the feathers of that beast as a sign of your triumphant victory over it I shall grant you the Essence."
	- 1. "This owl you are talking about is the pet of my General I will not hurt it." Turn around and leave.
		- 001.02.02.09.03.01 Leave the Crabs
			- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
				- [[001.02.02.09.A.03 No Deal with the Crabs]]
			- END DIALOGUE
	- 2. "Sure I can get rid of this beast!  I will bring you a feather of the monster as proof of its demise."
		- 001.02.02.09.03.02 Agreement Crabs
			- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
				- [[001.02.02.09.A.01 Deal with the Crabs]]
			- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
				- [[001.02.02.09.A.00001.01 Deal with the Crabs]]
					- [[The Mighty War Owl: You agreed to bring a feather of Mr. Shuhu to the Crabs as a sign of your victory over their deadly foe. In turn the Crabs agreed to enter an alliance if you manage to do so. Being part of that alliance grants you access to a small amount of Water Essences.]]
		- END DIALOGUE