- A young woman with blonde hair looks at you. She must be the healer. Judging by the grief on her face you can imagine that the treatment of her patients is not working out as she imagined.
  
  "My name is [[Sara]]. I am the healer on board this ship. Well if there were any patients left that I could help. The last one just died a couple of moments ago during surgery. As for the rest of the injured crew I have no idea how to help them."
  
  "[[Mark]] actually told me to help you with the treatment however I can. Can you tell me more about the injured crewmembers?"
  
  "Glad to hear that! First of all there is [[Dwori]] Bitterdrought our cook. He was struck by a lightning spell directly into his face. I have no idea how he managed to survive that. After the battle he started to slowly loose his eyesight and now we can't rely on his cooking skills any longer. Now he is lying there next to the front mast blinded and completely terrified. Then there is [[John]] our [[1st Lieutenant]]. He fell ill shortly after the battle and everything I have tried did not work one bit. I guess that the enemys' spells infected him with some sort of magical disease. And maybe you have seen the three women on the lower deck? 
  
  They all suffered a terrible fate and I can't do anything for them as well. I guess the petrified lizard woman in the bow of the ship is a mage. If only she were to recover I think we could heal at least someone on board this ship. At least I found this diary of hers. If I could only find out how she managed to perform these magic spells that she is writing about I could heal at least some of the crew."
  
  "What about him?" You point at the dead warrior on the operating table.
  
  "This was my good old friend [[Arandim]]. I knew him from the academy. He was two years ahead of me and an inspiration to the whole school. He even made it into a special legion operating behind enemy lines. Well now he is dead and his friends on the lower deck are enchanted by magical spells that I cannot break. Before he died he told me his last wish. He said: "Look inside my bag Sara! My life is inside my bag!" He was always completely rational in every decision he made. Who knows maybe even his last wish serves a purpose."
- 1. Where is this bag I want to have a look inside it.
	- 001.02.02.03.27.01 Arandims' Bag
		- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.19 Check bag not knowing]]
- 2. It doesn't matter any more he is dead and nothing can bring him back again. Don't even look inside the bag.
	- 001.02.02.03.27.02 Arandims' Bag
		- #InspirationBarbarian
		- CHECK 01
			- Player CHECK STATUS
				- #beestings TRUE OR
				- #beestingshardcore TRUE
					- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.28 Sara Help Beestings]]
		- CHECK 02
			- Player CHECK STATUS
				- #beestings FALSE AND
				- #beestingshardcore FALSE
					- END DIALOGUE
- 001.02.02.03.27.03 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.03.A.02 Friendship with Sara]]