- Despite all odds, you have been victorius on the upper deck. But there is little time to celebrate your victory. You can hear hush whispering voices coming from the lower deck. Judging by the whispering noises there must be at least ten soldiers down there. You carefully descend the stairs that lead down to the mess hall. There seems to be nobody here, but you can make out heavy footsteps and voices coming from the doors to your left and right. It would seem that they are ready for a fight. In between the screaching of wooden planks and the rumbling of waves against the ship you overhear some parts of a conversation.
  
  "...be ready to destroy all our food supplies when they show up..."
  "...don't hesitate to destroy any evidence of the captains orders... just like Captain Clover told us to do if something happend to him! And spread out! Your team comes to our aid if we are on the brink of loosing to them allright? Let's give them hell!"
  
  Maybe you can get yourself into a better position to interrupt the destruction of food supplies by sneaking closer towards the Magister who is responsible for their destruction.
- 001.06.01.01.01 The Battle Plan
	- This fight is a "Multi Stage Fight"
		- 1st Stage:
			- Triggers when
				- you enter the fight.
			- This happens
				- 6 Magisters will attack the players on sight.
				- The Magister Supply Guard will destroy the food supplies next to him if the players fail to kill or CrowdControl him within three turns of starting the fight. No other Magister will destroy the food supplies.
				- The Magister Intel Guard will destroy the Intel by burning the desk in front of him if the players fail to kill or CrowdControl him within seven turns of starting the fight. No other Magister will destroy the Intel.
		- 2nd Stage:
			- Triggers when
				- 4 Magisters of the 1st Stage are dead or
				- when the players walk into the hallway connected with the two rooms right and left or
				- when the players attack one of the Magisters from the second stage including the Magister Intel Guard
			- This happens
				- All the other Magisters start to attack the players.
				- The im
		- 3rd Stage when you attack the rear guards then the Imprisoned Voidlings will start to attack the prison door.
		- 4th stage: After they opened the prison door when one of them consumes source (There is only one source puddle) it turns into the Abomination (bigger version. This Voidwoken then attacks in a 20/80 Ratio either Magister/Players randomly but is otherwise GM controlled.