- When you start talking your lungs are still not able to function normally with all the bees you inhaled earlier and you are only able to press out a croak that sounds like "AaaarrgghhhthirdAaarrrghhlegionaarrhhhhsecondaaaacohortrrrrfithggggcenturyhhhh! " You feel your blood still pumping the poison of the bees through your veins and with every second you wait in agony your life gets more miserable.
  
  "Well I see the bees got the better of you. You should have used the [[Poison Cloud Grenade]] from [[John]] it works wonders against that plague...but I see you are a fighter and have your own ways of getting rid of the pest. Though I am not so sure if your suffering was really necessary." 
  
  His face changes and he gives you a deeply compassionate look. You can't tell if it's because you are completely covered with swollen bee stings or if it's because of your legion.
  
  "You said you were in the [[Third Legion]]? As far as I know you suffered heavy casualties holding the frontline. You were the last bastion of hope, the frontline! I thought [[Third Legion]] was completely wiped out... you are lucky to be alive! But where are my manners, not introducing myself. My name is [[Mark]]. I am [[General]] of the [[First Legion]] started my service there, in the first cohort. first century."
  
  He extends his forearm and removes his glove. At first you think he wants to shake your hand, which you would avoid because your hands are so swollen that they look more like a frying pan than a human pair of hands to you. Instead he removes his armguard and pulls up his sleeve so you can see his bare forearm. A small tattoo presents yourself. It is almost completely faded. He must have gotten it a long time ago. You read: "I.I.I". Suddenly he grabs your arm and twists it. When he sees your tattoo on the swollen arm he loosens his grip and sighs:
  
  "III.II.V. You haven't lied. Well [[Third Legion]] as I said was hit hard. How did you manage to survive that slaughter?"
	- 1. "I have no idea! I don't even remember why and who I was fighting..."
		- 001.02.02.01.06.01 Against who?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.09  who? Bees alive no wuffy]]
	- 2. Ask him about the dog.
		- 001.02.02.01.06.02 The Dog?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.10 The Dog? Bees alive no wuffy]]
	- 3. Ask him about the owl.
		- 001.02.02.01.06.03 The Owl?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.11 The Owl? Bees alive no wuffy]]
	- 4. Tell him about the rats on the lower deck.
		- 001.02.02.01.06.04 The Rats?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.12 The Rats? Bees alive no wuffy]]
- 001.02.02.01.06.05 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.02.02.01.A.00009.15 Third Legion]]
				- [[My Legion: Mark identified your Legion by inspecting the tatoo on your forearm. III.II.V means you were in the Third Legion, Second Cohort, Fifth Century. You have to investigate your past in the Legion once you reach the capital.]]
		- IF Player wants to End Dialogue
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.29 Mark sees the enemy]]