- "You can't imagine how happy I am to see you! These brutes wanted to take my life if I could not have bargained a pretty good slavery deal with them..." He clearly must have seen the shocked look on your faces because he quickliy continues: "... that is of course obsolete now and I never meant to uphold any of the promises I made to them. He quickly slides a piece of paper in his robe and hides it somewhere in his many pockets. I know I was imprisoned before but can't we start over? I mean I could be of help to you and sell you my wares. They could decide your upcoming battles against these horrible creatures. What do you say?"
- 1. You are right Akshan. We could use your stuff, even though we don't know where you got it from. We will forget that you are a lying thiefing scumbag and once we reach the capital you are free to go.
	- 001.05.02.02.03.01 Trade with Akshan
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.05.02.02.A.01 Akshan Long Term Trade Agreement]]
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.05.02.02.A.00002.01 Akshan Long Term Trade Agreement]]
				- [[The Thief: You found Akshan on board the enemy ship. It might be best to keep him alive. You might profit from his good sense for business along your future adventures.]]
		- Let the player trade with Akshan
		- END DIALOGUE
- 2. We need your stuff indeed Akshan, but we will make you give it to us. We won't pay anything for it of course so you better give up the good stuff! Once we reach the capital you are free to go, we don't care about you and your shdy business deals. We might even profit from you in the future. And don't take it personal, we just need your stuff to get us out of here alive.
	- 001.05.02.02.03.02 Extort Akshan
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.05.02.02.A.02 Extorted Akashan]]
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.05.02.02.A.00002.02 Extorted Akshan]]
				- [[The Thief: You found Akshan on board the enemy ship and decided it would be best to extort some useful items from him in order to have a chance in the upcoming fights. He might prove useful once you are back in the capital but he won't sell you his stuff at such a good price anymore that is for sure.]]
		- Let the player trade with Akshan. Then the player may decide on five items from Akshans' Inventory and the GM will place them on the ground for the player to pick up.
		- END DIALOGUE
- 3. You are hereby arrested for theft. Once we reach the capital you will face a court and you will answer for your crimes. We will naturally receive the bounty for your arrest.
	- 001.05.02.02.03.02 Arrest Akshan
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.05.02.02.A.03 Arrested Akashan]]
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.05.02.02.A.00002.03 Arrested Akshan]]
				- [[The Thief: You found Akshan on board the enemy ship and decided it would be best to arrest him for his crimes. Once you are in the capital you will receive a bounty for your arrest. Akshan will serve his time in prison.]]