- You wake up in a dark room. Everthing around you is swaying, you feel dizzy and start to vomit on the planks. That was rather relieving and you feel a little bit better. Every joint hurts and your first attempt to stand up fails miserably. You look around and hear the shrieking of wooden planks and the rumbling sound of waves and a distant storm. You don't know what time of day it is but one thing is for sure you are on a boat. You can not remember who you are and why you are here. In the damp flickering of a single lantern lighting the room you lift your left forearm and make out a small tattoo. "III.II.V" you read it out loud and a shiver runs down your spine as you can hear your own voice echoing in the dark.
	- 1. [[001.01.01.01.01 Wis 8]] You decide to thouroghly check everything in this room before you go, ignoring your seasickness.
		- 001.01.01.01.01 Search for Gold
			-
			- CHECK 01
				- SKILL CHECK
					- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
						- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
							- REWARD
							  id:: 66816e48-3583-4f75-a565-b52bda84ccda
								- The Player who made the Skill Check [[001.01.06.01 Starting Cabin 150 Gold]]
							- END DIALOGUE
						- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
							- #InspirationGM
							- END DIALOGUE
	- 2. The air is so heavy you just want to get out as fast as possible. You decide to leave immediately.
		- 001.01.01.01.02 End Dialogue
			- #InspirationNoble
			- END DIALOGUE
- 001.01.01.01.03 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- Update Gameworld
			- Set starting point to the stairs at the rear of the ship.