- When you start talking your lungs are still not able to function normally with all the bees you inhaled earlier and you are only able to press out a croak that sounds like "AaaarrgghhhIcan'tAaarrrghhrememberaarrhhhh!" You feel your blood still pumping the poison of the bees through your veins and with every second you wait in agony your life gets more miserable.
  
  "Well I see the bees got the better of you. You should have used the [[Poison Cloud Grenade]] from [[John]] it works wonders against that plague...but I see you are a fighter and have your own ways of getting rid of the pest. Though I am not so sure if your suffering was really necessary."
  
  For a short moment a compassionate look flashes over the officers face just to return back to normal in a moments notice.
  
  "But I understand completely why you still can't remember a thing! We have lost everything on that day! Some were lucky and survived but still had to pay their prize. I assume you have seen the maimed survivers on the lower deck? They suffered a terrible fate." He pauses for a moment and you can tell by the look on his face that the fate his soldiers had to endure makes him suffer in a way you can't yet completely understand.
  
  "But where are my manners, not introducing myself. My name is [[Mark]] I am [[General]] of the [[First Legion]]. You can't remember anything you say? Maybe it's better that way."
  
  You feel his eyes mustering you from head to toe. He stops at your forearm and extends his free hand to grab your completely swolen arm. He turns it in order to see the number that is tatooed there. 
  
  "III.II.V!" he reads the numbers out loud and looks straight into your eyes. As you do not react at all he lets go of your arm and sighs: "Dear lord they got you good. I don't know if it's the bees' poison or a side effect of you being unconscious for almost a week now. You can't even remember that your legion is tattooed on your forearm? It means you were in the [[Third Legion]]. Second cohort. Fifth Century. As far as I know you suffered heavy casualties holding the frontline. The last bastion of hope. I thought [[Third Legion]] was completely wiped out... you are lucky to be alive!"
	- 1. "Yes it seems I am one of the lucky ones. But why and against whom exactly was I fighting again?"
		- 001.02.02.01.07.01 Against who?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.25 who? Bees dead wuffy]]
	- 2. Ask him about the imprisoned starving dog. You want to hear his side of the story.
		- 001.02.02.01.07.02 The Dog?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.26 Dog? Bees dead wuffy]]
	- 3. Betray Wuffy! Tell Mark that Dwori his cook has been secretly giving food to Wuffy even when food was scarce.
		- 001.02.02.01.07.03 Betray Wuffy!
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.19 Betray Wuffy! Bees dead]]
	- 4. Ask him about the owl.
		- 001.02.02.01.07.04 The Owl?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.27 The Owl? Bees dead wuffy]]
	- 5. Tell him about the rats on the lower deck.
		- 001.02.02.01.07.05 The Rats?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.28 The Rats? Bees dead wuffy]]
- 001.02.02.01.07.06 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.02.02.01.A.00009.15 Third Legion]]
				- [[My Legion: Mark identified your Legion by inspecting the tatoo on your forearm. III.II.V means you were in the Third Legion, Second Cohort, Fifth Century. You have to investigate your past in the Legion once you reach the capital.]]
		- IF Player wants to End Dialogue
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.29 Mark sees the enemy]]
-
	-