- Culinary Advice on Crabs:
  In order to study hard for the exam Allie asked me to help her focus her mind and calm her. She is terrified because the exams are next weak and she can't perform the Fortify spell yet. Well I took care of that spell already with the power of scrolls… After some time studying some old scribblings of Mr. Bethaniell I found a rather odd looking picture of a three eyed man covered in fire. There is only one word written in capital letters beneath the picture: "FOCUS". There is nothing else written on that page and the sribbled words on the other pages don't refer to this picture at all. I will get to the bottom of this even if it takes me the whole night.
  
  I spent the whole night in the library and found nothing on the matter. I was going up and down next to the furnace that was flickering low. The caretaker already went to bed a long time ago and nobody was maintaining the fire. I was so angry and upset that I couldn't find a solution I threw a piece of wood into the furnace and the flames blazed up high for a moment. All of a sudden a small bulb of fire was forming itself inside the furnace and rolled out of the furnace like a bulb of glass. Inside the bulb the flames were flickering. I came out from behind the chair that I instinctly jumped behind for cover and reached out my hand to touch the bulb. It was not that hot at all and I was surprised I could grab it with my bare hands. It was then i realized that I was holding the very essence of Fire in my hands. My mind began to work. Was this some kind of lucky incident? I do not believe in superstition at all but this was very uncommon. I tried to fuse the fire bulb with the paper of course but it did not work. After a couple of frustrating hours I gave up and finally went to bed with the paper and the bulb under my pillow determined to try again tomorrow.
  
  On the next day I woke up late. Actually, Allie was the one waking me up. "Good morning you sleepy sloth" she greeted me while she opened the curtains. It felt like the light almost let my head explode and I buried my head under the pillow. "I'm not a sleepy sloth, I was up all night trying to find a spell to help you focus for the exams." "Really?" Allie was shocked. "I'm so sorry I didn't know… I'm such an ungratefull…" "It's ok! I didn't find anything so no need to thank me." "Well don't be upset. Actually I think you will have a great day today because today is crabday." Crabday is the only day in weeks when the cook is serving my favourite meal: Crabs. I especially like the claws. So it's understandable that my mood was getting better. "Nice! Crabday here I come." I only remembered that I was so enthuthiastic about Crabday that I nearly forgot to take the bulb and the paper with me to lunch. I just didn't care about the spell no more or if Allie would be able to focus on the exams, I just threw the paper and the bulb on the table next to my plate and started the feast. I was really hungry and after ten crabs I still didn't had enough. I ordered more and the pile of shells and claws on my plate grew bigger and bigger. Suddenly the tower of crabs tipped over to one side and fell right on the paper and the orb which were right next to the plate. I cursed loudly and kept on ranting quite a bit while I picked the remains of my lunch from the piece of paper. In the midst of my ranting I grabbed the paper but I did not see the bulb of fire. It was gone. I looked under the table everywhere no trace of it as if the paper swallowed it… My heart stopped for a second. I grabbed the paper and held it high against the light to have a better look at it. And down on me stared a three eyed figure covered in fire. I grinned: "Annie I solved it!"
  
  Postscript 16th of August 1578:
  After almost ten years of research and studying several schools of magic I finally understood why the furnace spat out a fire essence that night, so I thought I had to add that vital piece of information to this story. As far as my understanding for fire magic goes this school of magic has to do a lot with emotions. In this specific case you have to cast a fire spell with such anger that the pure essence of the flames is captured and contained within your magic. When I think back to that night I can still remember the anger raging inside me because I could not find the solution to my problem. I think that I might have unknowingly performed fire magic with such anger, when I threw that piece of wood in the oven, that I captured the essence of the spell. As interesting as all this is, it is also the reason why I  became that good performing fire magic. I couldn't wrap my head around the other schools of magic because they were based on science and knowledge. Fire magic instead is a totally different thing. You have to let your emotions guide you and unleash all your anger in order to cast fire magic. The only problem is that fire can get out of control quickly.