- His face changes and he gives you a deeply compassionate look.
  
  "You said you were in the [[Third Legion]]? As far as I know you suffered heavy casualties holding the frontline. You were the last bastion of hope, the frontline! I thought [[Third Legion]] was completely wiped out... you are lucky to be alive! But where are my manners, not introducing myself. My name is [[Mark]] I am [[General]] of the [[First Legion]] started my service there, in the first cohort, first century."
  
  He extends his forearm and removes his glove. At first you think he wants to shake your hand but instead he removes his armguard and pulls up his sleeve so you can see his bare forearm. A small tattoo presents yourself. It is almost completely faded. He must have gotten it a long time ago. You read: "I.I.I". Suddenly he grabs your arm and twists it. When he sees your tattoo he loosens his grip and sighs:
  
  "III.II.V. You haven't lied. Well [[Third Legion]] as I said was hit hard. How did you manage to survive that slaughter?"
	- 1. "I have no idea! I don't even remember why and who I was fighting..."
		- 001.02.02.01.02.01 Against who?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.09  who? Bees alive no wuffy]]
	- 2. Ask him about the dog.
		- 001.02.02.01.02.02 The Dog?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.10 The Dog? Bees alive no wuffy]]
	- 3. Ask him about the owl.
		- 001.02.02.01.02.03 The Owl?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.11 The Owl? Bees alive no wuffy]]
	- 4. Tell him about the rats on the lower deck.
		- 001.02.02.01.02.04 The Rats?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.12 The Rats? Bees alive no wuffy]]
	- 5. Tell him that there are bees on the lower deck and you think that we should get rid of them.
		- 001.02.02.01.02.05 Bees?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.13 Bees? Bees alive no wuffy]]
- 001.02.02.01.02.06 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.02.02.01.A.00009.15 Third Legion]]
				- [[My Legion: Mark identified your Legion by inspecting the tatoo on your forearm. III.II.V means you were in the Third Legion, Second Cohort, Fifth Century. You have to investigate your past in the Legion once you reach the capital.]]
		- IF Player wants to End Dialogue
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.29 Mark sees the enemy]]