- " [[Mark]] needs whaaat? This is a joke right?" He looks straight at you and as you don't flinch one bit he starts to believe your story. "This is outragous! First I hunt down these pesky rats all night then the fact that I can't take my well earned nap and now you want to rip out one of my feathers just because the captain wishes to have one…" As he speaks Mr. Shuhus voice is getting louder and louder and when he finishes his countdown of all the inconveniences he had to put up with for the last couple of days he bursts out in pure anger and fury. 
  
  You can't believe your eyes when you watch him explode in flames in front of you. After his outburst he stands on his chair and turns his head angrily towards you. You notice a small sphere that has been created during he used his magic rolling to the other side of the room. He lost a couple of feathers during his outburst too. "Well there you can have your feathers. Does the captain wishes anything else?"
	- 1. "No that's about it. But I can help you with the rats. I can negotiate a peace treaty so you can sleep in peace."
		- 001.01.02.02.12.01 Peace treaty
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.02.05 Pet Pal Mr. Shuhu peace]]
	- 2. "Thank you for the feathers. As for your problem with the rats… well that's your business I guess. Bye"
		- 001.01.02.02.12.02 END Dialogue
			- END DIALOGUE
- 001.01.02.02.12.03 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- TRANSFER ITEM
			- [[001.01.05.01 Mr. Shuhus Feather]] AND
			- [[001.01.05.01 Fire Essence]] from Mr. Shuhu's Inventory TO
				- the ground next to Mr. Shuhu