- "Määäähhhh unfriendly as always! I am glad I did not let you through!"
  
  You can't believe what you just heard! That sheep definetly talked to you. You try and talk back.
  
  "What's your problem why don't you let me through?"
  
  "Määähhhh! You have to ask that? That makes you even more unpleasant. Määäähhhh! Its because of my food! It is completely infested with rats lately. I squashed some of them the other day… some of the little ones I guess. Over there! Määähhhh!" It nods to its right in the corner where some other sacks of corn are lying on the ground. In particular you notice the big sack which is closed and radiates this feint yellowish glow. You can't really tell if this is just an illusion created by the sun or if it is really coming from inside the bag.
  
  "Once I crushed them there was this strange yellowish glow coming out of my food so I dragged one of my other bags here. Now I have only half of my corn left! Määähhh. These damn rats I wish I could just squash them all! If they were so kind and gentle as [[Wuffy]] there would be no problem… But instead they are munching MY CORN!" The sheep almost shouts out the last two words and you get the feeling that it is indeed pretty pissed about the rats.
  
  "Well if there is something wrong with your food let me inspect it for you my friend."
  
  [[Shaun]] gives you a long deadly stare. "DO NOT TOUCH MY FOOD!"
  
  Eager to change the subject you try to find something else to talk about.
  
  "You can talk do you have a name my woolly friend?"
  
  "Määähhh who do you call woolly? You are just intimidated by my mascular hairiness!" It gives you a long stare and as you make no sign of countering its statement it relaxes. "I am [[Shaun]]… [[Shaun]] the Sheep määähhh!"
  
  "Nice to meet you [[Shaun]]. You will be happy to hear that I already took care of the rats!"
	- 001.02.02.08.03.01 Rats Dead Shaun
		- To Vignette [[001.02.02.08.04 Rats dead Shaun happy]]