- "Wuuuuuuuufff!"
  
  [[Wuffy]] sobs heartbreakingly and you can see tears forming in his eyes? Can dogs even cry? It doesn't matter because the look he gives you prompts a deep feeling for compassion and you feel your heart growing heavy.
  
  "[[Wuffy]] sad because Master Dwori sick. Veeeeery sick. Wuuufff!"
  
  Suddenly the look on his face changes from sad to angry.
  
  "[[Wuffy]] shouldn't have let Master [[Dwori]] go into that stupid battle!!! Wuuufff. That stupid battle! Now Master [[Dwori]] is blind and most likely terrified without [[Wuffy]] . He is all alooone on the upper deck with no one but the fallen from the battle and that stupid [[Mark]] . He was the one who had insisted that Master [[Dwori]] would accompany the army to that stupid battle. Wuuuuuffff! [[Wuffy]] knew this wasn't going to end well without [[Wuffy]] at his Masters side. Wuuufff can you let [[Wuffy]] out of here huuuman?"
	- 1. Wuuufff! Who is Mark? What battle are you talking about exactly?
		- 001.01.02.01.02.01 Wuffy closed door Mark?
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.07 Wuffy closed door Mark?]]
	- 2. Wuuufff! Why Wuffy starving?
		- 001.01.02.01.02.02 Wuffy closed door Wuffy starving 2
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.03 Wuffy closed door starving]]
	- 3. Wuuufff! Where are we?
		- 001.01.02.01.02.03 Wuffy closed door Wuffy Where? 2
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.05 Wuffy closed door Where?]]
	- 4. Wuuufff! Who is with you in that room?
		- 001.01.02.01.02.04 Wuffy closed door Who? 2
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.06 Wuffy closed door Who?]]
	- 5. Wuuufff! I don't have the keys! I can't let Wuffy out. I'm sorry! Where are the keys?
		- 001.01.02.01.02.05 Wuffy closed door Wuffy no keys 2
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.04 Wuffy closed door no keys]]
- 001.01.02.01.02.06 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- IF Player wants to End Dialogue
			- END DIALOGUE