- "[[Wuffy]] would never do that!" You can tell by the angry look on Dworis' face that he is furious. "Tell me what really happened down there!"
  
  "Well he only attacked me when I looted the corpses of the dead soldiers. Even in death he protected them."
  
  [[Dwori]] sits down and closes his blinded eye. After a while he starts talknig again. "That sounds more like the [[Wuffy]] I knew. May you rest in peace [[Wuffy]]! You would have never lied to me like that filthy bastard." With these words [[Dwori]] throws away a piece of parchment and his handkerchiefs. He stopped crying.
  
  "I am very sorry [[Dwori]] for your loss but I had to loot the bodies because I have to prepare us for the upcoming fight. The enemy is pursuing us!"
  
  [[Dwori]] looks up into the direction he guesses you must be. You see the face of a broken man. "I don't care! I am not afraid to die any longer. Now leave me alone!" He stands up from his bed and tries to find a way to the lower decks and to his dog.
	- 001.02.02.05.20.01 Dwori not convinced of Wuffys attack
		- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.14 Wuffy attacked not convinced]]
			- [[Wuffys meal: You did not manage to convince Dwori that his dog Wuffy attacked you and that you had to kill him in self defence. He is completely heartbroken and there is no telling what he might do if you visit Wuffys cell on the lower decks.]]
		- UPDATE Gameworld
			- SET INGAME STATUS
				- Dwori
					- Frightened to FALSE
			- Posess Dwori and run him like he is blinded towards the Entrace to the lower Decks THEN
			- Deactivate Dwori THEN
			- FOLLOW PARTY
				- Dwori TRUE AND
			- Once the players are IN LEVEL
				- [[001.01 Prologue Lower Deck]] put him next to Wuffy and activate Dwori again AND
			- FOLLOW PARTY
				- Dwori FALSE AND
			- Move Dwori in Encounter [[001.01.03.07 The Undead]]
	- END DIALOGUE