- A culinary guide concerning Wuffy
  Wuffy always needs something to calm down his stomach. Most of the time a cup of warm tea does the job. Just take some tea herbs and put it in a cup or a mug of water.  I don't think its necessary to explain how to get a cup of water. Just take any water source and pour the water in the cup or mug.
  
  Wuffy loves his different type of steaks. His favorites are the giblet and poultry steak. The preparation of these is as easy as it gets. Just take the Raw Lumpy Giblets or the Raw Bird Leg, cover it with flour and roast them at a cooking station at the same time. 
  
  Sometimes Wuffy likes some baked treats as well. A good bread starts with a good dough. For that you need carefully grinded wheat. Take the wheat an grind it in a mortar and pestle as long as you can to get some decent flour. Now to get the good kind of dough don't mix water to the flour but instead milk and eggs. It can be any type of milk. It doesn't matter if you milk a cow or a sheep. The eggs are optional and you only need them for a real connoisseur. The only one on board this ship that i know of who can possibly taste the difference between the dough with and without eggs is my loyal dog Wuffy. I guess the rest of the crew wouldn't even notice if I use water instead of milk. They certainly never taste the difference between the dough with or without eggs. Now you have the base for any good bread.
  
  You can finalize the bread with different flavors. Wuffy always likes the cheese flavour a lot. All you have to do is to add cheese to the dough before you put it in the oven. Voilá you have Wuffys favourite cheese bread.
  
  For dessert Wuffy loves wine and cheese. For the wine just take some grapes and press them into any kind of cup.