- After a short moment he breaks the eye contact and hands you over the Essence. "Take it. You have earned it friend."
  
  "As we are allies now can I make one more request?"
  
  The king was already about to leave the ship and turns back to you. "Sure go ahead."
  
  "I need a Crab Claw to heal one of my friends. I thought you might be able to provide something like this."
  
  "Hmmm. [[Theodorus]]!" The kings bows down to one of his disciples and whispers something to him. 
  
  "Right away your highness!" [[Theodorus]] jumps over board only to return a few moments later with the requested crab claw. You do not even want to ask how he has acquired it.
  
  "There you go! I wish for a long friendship between our two nations! Until we meet again." The crabs start to jump over board one by one.
	- 001.02.02.09.16.01 Crabs Leave
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.02.02.09.A.00001.05 Deal with the Crabs]]
				- [[The Mighty War Owl: You killed Mr. Shuhu like the Crabs asked you to. In return you gained their trust and some water essences.]]
		- UPDATE Gameworld
			- TRANSFER ITEM
				- [[001.02.05.02 Water Essence]] x5 from The King of Crabs Inventory AND
				- [[001.02.05.01 Crabs' Claw]] from the Inventory of The King of Crabs TO
					- Players Inventory
			- CHECK 01
				- CHECK GM Journal
				- [[001.02.02.06.A.04 Tricked Mr. Crabs]] TRUE
					- Deactivate all the Crabs
					- END DIALOGUE
			- CHECK 02
				- CHECK GM Journal
					- [[001.02.02.06.A.04 Tricked Mr. Crabs]] FALSE
						- Deactivate all the Crabs except Mr. Crabs
				- To Vignette [[001.02.02.06.18 Mr. Crabs Support]]