- "Well I have no idea… Maybe it is because I have eaten eight or so the other day. I mean they were pretty small so I thought if I gobble down a couple of them I would be able to sate my hungry belly at least for a couple of days." He rubs his fat belly with one wing while he speaks and after finishing his sentence he lets out a loud burp. "Oh I am so sorry…" he holds his other wing in front of his beak and looks kind of embarrased.
	- 1. "I think that might be the source of all your problems. Maybe I can negotiate a peace treaty with the rats."
		- 001.01.02.02.10.01 Negotiate for Mr. Shuhu
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.02.11 Mr. Shuhu peace feather]]
	- 2. [[001.01.02.02.10.02 Pers+Int 14]] "I am here for another reason. The captain needs one of your feathers. I am here to collect it." Deceive Mr. Shuhu.
		- 001.01.02.02.10.02 Deceive Mr. Shuhu
			- SKILL CHECK
				- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
					- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
						- #InspirationVillain
						- To Vignette [[001.01.02.02.12 Mr. Shuhu deceived]]
					- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
						- To Vignette [[001.01.02.02.13 Mr. Shuhu not deceived]]
	- 3. [[001.01.02.02.10.03 Dexterity 5+Smoke Grenade]] Now is the time to use your smoke grenade. Mr. Shuhu won't know what hit him.
		- 001.01.02.02.10.03 Smokey deceive
			- Player throws his smoke grenade at Mr. Shuhu AND
				- SKILL CHECK
					- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
						- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
							- TRANSFER ITEM
								- [[001.01.05.01 Mr. Shuhus Feather]] from Mr. Shuhus' Inventory TO
									- The Ground
							- To Vignette [[001.01.02.02.14 Mr. Shuhu Smoke success]]
						- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
							- #InspirationGM
							- To Vignette [[001.01.02.02.16 Smoke Bomb fail]]
	- 4. "Well I can't help you with that right now. I have orders to collect something out of the Captains chest."
		- 001.01.02.02.10.04 END Dialogue
			- END DIALOGUE