- The enemy ship slowly approaches. This is the moment you waited for. You are well hidden at the stern of the ship ready to sneak on the enemy ship. You observe the enemy soldiers taking their battle stations. The ranged soldiers are swiftly climbing to higher ground. The heavy footsoldiers stay on the ground swinging their swords. Suddenly a deep voice from the captains deck drowns out all the squeaking of planks bashing against each other, the flapping of sails in the morning breeze and the rumbling of waves. 
  
  "I am [[Clover]]! Captain of the Endurance. I believe you have realized you are outnumbered and we will utterly crush you if it comes to a fight. This is not necessary! We are willing to accept your surrender."
  
  "Pahhh!" [[Mark]] laughs back. "Do you think we would fall for such a cheap trick? We will never surrender!"
  
  "Well my offer stands everyone who wants to give up now will be spared."
- 1. [Dexterity Contest]"It is time to shut him up. Let's board their ship secretly while Mark distracts the enemy."
	- 001.03.02.01.01 Board
		- The players have to decide who is going to sneak on board the enemy ship with them. Show them the two locations where they may climb on board the enemy ship. (The stern of the enemy ship and the bow of the enemy ship)
		- SKILL CHECK Roll a d20 with disadvantage for Clover and compare that to the average Party dexterity roll.
			- IF the players average is better than Clovers roll they can all stay in sneak mode.
			- IF the players average is lower than Clovers roll they must leave sneak mode when they are on the enemy ship.
		- SET ENCOUNTER
			- [[001.04.03.01 Magister Crew]] to Hostile
		- END DIALOGUE
- 2. "On second thought Clovers offer doesn't sound that bad. We surrender. Let Mark fight his own battle."
	- 001.03.02.01.02 Give up
		- UPDATE Gameworld
			- Players AND Mr.Crabs have to go to the Captains Deck of the Endurance and have to line up.
			- SET INGAME STATUS
				- Player AND
				- Mr. Crabs
					- Tied for -1 rounds AND
					- Knocked Down for -1 rounds
			- Then the players have to fight the battle as the rest of the group, starting from the stern of the enemy ship with Mark in his original starting location on the captains deck. When Mark is down the crew surrenders.
			- As the GM try to kill Mark as soon as possible.
		- #InspirationVillain
		- END DIALOGUE
		- To Vignette 001.05.01.?