- "Are you calling my Roosty a liar?" 
  
  Daisys face gets a bit more angry if that is even possible. 
  
  "My my [[Daisy]]... Relax." 
  
  [[Mr. Rooster]] goes around her and with his strong wings he massages her nimble neck. That gesture obviously calms her.
  
  "How about..." He speaks as he keeps massaging her neck "...we make a contest out of this! We both jump as far as we can and whoever manages to jump farther has to give up whatever the other one desires the most. Just for your information, I really like gold. You shall have a demonstration!" 
  
  He spreads his wings and your attention is caught by the glimmering of the ring around his claw it intensifies for a heartbeat and then he takes off with incredible ease. All his muscles seem to be unnessecary though. He flies about 14m far and lands softly, turns around and swaggers proudly back to you. He is welcomed by a shrieking [[Daisy]] who runs around him and pets him. 
  
  "Ooooh Rooosty! You are sooo strooong Rooosty!"
  
  "Is that proof enough for you?"
	- 1. This is enough! A chicken is haggling with you about the specifics of a jumping contest. Attack!
		- 001.02.02.02.06.01 Fight the chickens
			- SET ENCOUNTER
				- [[001.02.03.01 Paladin Crew]] to Deactived
				- [[001.02.03.02 The Chickens]] to Activated AND Hostile
				- [[001.02.03.06 Mr. Crabs]] to Deactived
				- [[001.02.03.08 Shaun]] to Deactived
				- [[001.02.03.09 The Crabs]] to Deactived
			- #InspirationBarbarian
			- END DIALOGUE
	- 2. Ok you have a deal Mr. Rooster. Extend your hand and shake his wing.
		- 001.02.02.02.06.02 Chicken Jumping
			- Player has to do a jumping contest against Mr. Rooster
			- #InspirationJester
				- CHECK 01
					- IF Player looses he has to give Rooster 100 Gold (together as a party) OR
					- All of their current money plus the rest of the money worth in items.
				- CHECK 02
					- IF Player wins
						- To Vignette [[001.02.02.02.05 Rooster loose]]
	- 3. [Wis PASSED] Well that looked easy! How about you do it without the ring?
		- 001.02.02.02.06.03 Chicken Persuasion
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.02.07 Roosters Ring]]
	- 4. You can not jump 14m and you know it. Best to back down now and come back later.
		- 001.02.02.02.06.04 Back Down Rooster
			- END DIALOGUE