- "Wuff? [[Mark]]? Wuff! He is that bossy feller who commands everyone around. And all he does all day is turning that stupid wheel on the upper deck. How does that help anyone? [[Wuffy]] is certain that he is standing right now on the upper deck behind that stupid wheel turning it as if it hadn't been spinned around enough already. Master [[Dwori]] on the other hand is a fine Master with an important job. He is cooking the best meals and everyone on board loves him for that. Ohhh you have to taste the steaks, the crunchy [[Poultry Steak]] and the warm tea and [[Milk]] ..."
  
  [[Wuffy]] would have gone on if you hadn't stopped him there. You can see that he doesn't only speak out of hunger but instead he really adores his Master and the food he is cooking.
  
  "Wuff... Yeeees... Wuff... Mhhh... Steaks... Master [[Dwori]] is so kind to [[Wuffy]]. Always gives [[Wuffy]] a bite to eat even when we are short on supplies. He is the best Master. [[Wuffy]] wants to go to him now can you let [[Wuffy]] out of here?"
	- 1. Wuuufff! Why Wuffy sad?
		- 001.01.02.01.07.01 Wuffy closed door Wuffy sad 6
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.02 Wuffy closed door Wuffy sad]]
	- 2. Wuuufff! Why Wuffy starving?
		- 001.01.02.01.07.02 Wuffy closed door Wuffy starving 6
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.03 Wuffy closed door starving]]
	- 3. Wuuufff! Where are we?
		- 001.01.02.01.07.03 Wuffy closed door Wuffy Where? 6
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.05 Wuffy closed door Where?]]
	- 4. Wuuufff! Who is with you in that room?
		- 001.01.02.01.07.04 Wuffy closed door Who? 6
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.06 Wuffy closed door Who?]]
	- 5. Wuuufff! I don't have the keys! I can't let Wuffy out. I'm sorry! Where are the keys?
		- 001.01.02.01.07.05 Wuffy closed door Wuffy no keys 6
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.04 Wuffy closed door no keys]]
- 001.01.02.01.07.06 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- IF Player wants to End Dialogue
			- END DIALOGUE