- You step closer to the young man cowering on the chair. He is whimpering in agony. He does not even notice you.
  
  "Hello there what's your name?"
  
  The man shrugs as he is obviously surprised by your presence. He makes a small effort to turn his upper body around to face you and grunts in pain: "Hi there I am [[John]]. I am the [[1st Lieutenant]]."
  
  "What happend to you?"
  
  "I have no idea! A couple of days after the battle it started like a seasickness which I am normally immune to. But it quickly worsened so much that I became that hopeless bundle of pain you are witnessing right now."
  
  He looks up to you and you can see the pain that he must have endured in the last couple of days. It left deep marks on him. His eyes turned to a yellowish color and his skin tone changes from time to time from a completely pale tone to the same yellowish one in his eyes. The pain on his face suddenly vanishes and you can see a smile on his face.
  
  "Hehehey! The bees got you my friend didn't they? Hahaharrghh!" He starts to cough and tumbles forward only to vomit over the railing. "Arrghh well the gods punished my gloating pretty fast ey? Never the less please use this the next time you encounter bees that you have to get rid of."
  
  He hands you a scroll which contains a detailed description on how to craft certain types of grenades from Oil Flasks to Poison Cloud Grenades.
  
  "Thank you [[John]] that might come in handy especially now that the enemy will soon be upon us."
  
  "Whaaat?" [[John]] looks at you with a frightened stare. " The enemy is following us?"
  
  "Yeah I was pretty shocked myself when [[Mark]] saw them on the horizon but I think we might only have until tomorrow noon."
  
  "Damn it! I am not yet ready to fight! I still feel so weak. How will I be of any use to the [[General]] in my current state?"
  
  "We will find a way to cure you from that nasty disease!"
  
  "Well I don't think so. [[Sara]] already tried everything! I trust her with my life! She is the best healer I have ever met. We went to the academy together and now we even went through hell in that godforsaken battle." He pauses and his eyes stare over the railing. He seems to relive the worst moments on the battlefield. Then he blinks and looks back into your eyes. It seems as if he has aged at least ten years. "If [[Sara]] is not able to find a cure nobody will."
  
  "We will see about that. Thanks for now!"
	- 001.02.02.04.02.01 END Dialogue
		- TRANSFER ITEM
			- [[001.02.05.01 John's Beginner Grenades Recipes]] from Johns' Inventory TO
				- Player Inventory
		- END DIALOGUE