- "Hello [[Wuffy]]! I am back!" The dog is barking happily and greets you with a wagging tail!
  
  "WUUUFFF! [[Wuffy]] is so happy to see you! [[Wuffy]] is starving! How is Master [[Dwori]]?"
  
  "Well he is getting better as we speak and he even gave me his ring! He loves you very much [[Wuffy]] and he hopes to get better as soon as possible to cook you some good food again." You show [[Wuffy]] the ring that [[Dwori]] gave you.
  
  "Wuff! Thank you human! [[Wuffy]] feels much better already even though he is starving."
  
  "Concerning your appetite [[Wuffy]] what would you like to eat? [[Dwori]] gave me a huge list with all kinds of recipes." You show [[Wuffy]] the recipes [[Dwori]] gave you.
  
  "Hm… Wuff! Yes!" [[Wuffy]] reads the recipe you hold in front of him very carefully and sometimes even jumps back two or three paragraphs concerned he might have missed something. "Wuufff! Yes! Wuff! So at first [[Wuffy]] needs a [[Cup of Tea]] to calm down his stomach. After that a nice [[Giblet Steak]] just to get started and a [[Cup of Water]] to wash it down. Then Master Dworis' finest! A crunchy [[Poultry Steak]]! That goes best with a cup of [[Milk]]. Now last but not least a [[Cup of Wine]] with a fine slice of [[Cheese]] so that [[Wuffy]] can sleep quietly after such a good meal."
  
  "So just to get everything correct: A [[Cup of Tea]] . A [[Giblet Steak]] with a [[Cup of Water]] . A [[Poultry Steak]] with a cup of [[Milk]] . And a [[Cup of Wine]] with [[Cheese]] for dessert. Is that all correct?"
  
  "Wufff! Yes! Or do you think [[Wuffy]] should take the [[Cheese Bread]] as well?"
  
  "Well it is completely up to you Wuffy!"
  
  "Wuff!" [[Wuffy]] is pacing back and forth a bit thinking about this decision. "No [[Wuffy]] will not take the [[Cheese Bread]] for now! Sometimes [[Wuffy]] feels very sick when he eats both steaks and the [[Cheese Bread]] and then [[Wuffy]] has to throw up. No, no, no [[Wuffy]] does not want to throw up this time so no [[Cheese Bread]]."
  
  "Perfect I will be right back with your order!"
	- 001.01.02.01.09.01 END DIALOGUE
		- UPDATE GM Journal:
			- [[001.01.02.01.A.02 Wuffys meal poison]]
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal:
			- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.02 Wuffys meal poison]]
				- [[Wuffys meal: Wuffy ordered a bunch of different stuff. Apparently he has an order in which he feasts. All you remember is that he wants a cup of tea first in order to calm down his stomach. Well a few drops of the poison that Mark told you to prepare should be enough to silence the dog once and for all.]]
		- END DIALOGUE