- "Ah they are already back? I have dealt with them just a couple of weeks ago. Sure I know how to get rid of them here take this."
  
  He hands you a scroll which contains a detailed description on how to craft certain types of grenades from Oil Flasks to Poison Cloud Grenades.
  
  "Thank you [[John]] that might come in handy especially now that the enemy will soon be upon us."
  
  "Whaaat?" [[John]] looks at you with a frightened stare. " The enemy is following us?"
  
  "Yeah I was pretty shocked myself when [[Mark]] saw them on the horizon but I think we might only have until tomorrow noon."
  
  "Damn it! I am not yet ready to fight! I still feel so weak. How will I be of any use to the [[General]] in my current state?"
  
  "We will find a way to cure you from that nasty disease!"
  
  "Well I don't think so. [[Sara]] already tried everything! I trust her with my life! She is the best healer I have ever met. We went to the academy together and now we even went through hell in that godforsaken battle." He pauses and his eyes stare over the railing. He seems to relive the worst monents on the battlefield. Then he blinks and looks back into your eyes. It seems as if he has aged at least ten years. "If [[Sara]] is not able to find a cure nobody will."
  
  "We will see about that. Thanks for now!"
	- 001.02.02.04.03.01 John End
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.02.02.04.A.00005.01 Exterminator]]
				- [[Exterminator: John gave you the recipe for the Poison Cloud Grenade. Now you can get rid of the bees like a professional without risking your health.]]
		- TRANSFER ITEM
			- [[001.02.05.01 Johns Grenade Recipes]] from Johns' Inventory TO
				- Player Inventory
		- END DIALOGUE