- "Ähmm... Bwaak! Ähmm..." This was the first time that you hear [[Mr. Rooster]] cackle and you take it as a sign of insecurity.
  
  "Bwaaaak! What are you implying here? That's no problem for my Roosty! The ring is only making it even harder for him to take of, without it he will fly even farther! Right Roooosty?"
  
  [[Daisy]] is looking with an indignant look on her face towards you and has spread out her wings as if she wants to protect [[Mr. Rooster]] from your accusations.
  
  "Ähmm yeees... about that [[Daisy]]... the glorious day in the capital when I made my first flight. Well I lied!"
  
  [[Daisy]] tilts her head to the side fixating [[Mr. Rooster]] with a sharpening look in her eyes.
  
  "What do you mean Rooster? I saw you fly that day and ever since then."
  
  All of a sudden Mr. Roosters' confident attitude is gone as if the breeze sweeping over the deck just blew it away. 
  
  "What I meant to say is …bwaak… that I trained hard [[Daisy]]! Very hard! You saw me exercising all day long even in the ugliest of storms I kept on training. Well that day in the capital was the day I had finally realized I would never make it and it was the day I finally had earned enough money to buy the magic ring that allowed me to fly. I thought it would be the only way that it would be possible for you to keep on loving me!"
  
  [[Daisy]] starts crying and screams:
  
  "Bwaaaak! Roooster you lied to me! You lied to all of us and worst of all you lied to yourself!"
  
  She breathes heavily and her tears splash on the planks of the ship. 
  
  "But nevertheless the reason I adore you that much is because of all the training, dedication and hard work you put in all those months ago and the fact that you look out for us in your caring and comforting way. I do not love you solely because you can fly!"
  
  There is total silence for a couple of seconds. You don't even breathe.
  
  "Is that true [[Daisy]]?" Rooster lifts his head and looks [[Daisy]] straight into the eyes.
  
  "Yes Rooster!"
  
  Without saying another word [[Mr. Rooster]] turns towards you, slips the ring from his claw and hands it over to you.
  
  "Here take the ring I have no use for this anymore. Ah... and please forget the stupid bet. Feel free to take anything you like out of the chicken coop. One more thing, I overheard you talking to the captain and all the ruckus about how we are getting chased by [[Magisters]]. Well you can count on me protecting my coop. I am ready for a fight."
	- 001.02.02.02.07.01 Got ya Roosty!
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.02.A.01 Rooster is in for the fight]]
		- UPDATE Gameworld
			- Make Mr. Rooster a tradable character (Player may choose 1 item for free out of his Inventory)
			- Unlock the Chicken Coop
		- END DIALOGUE