- "I...I did not mean to harm the crew! Honestly! You have to believe me!"
  
  [[Dwori]] gets up on his knees while he is still begging!
  
  "Well [[Dwori]] that is for the [[General]] to decide! But I think he might not be to happy about it. Look I am sorry I wish there was another way but I have to report this! If you would have given [[Wuffy]] just the leftovers... Instead you prepared a feast for him!"
  
  [[Dwori]] is getting really uncomfortable and he starts to cry in front of you.
  
  "Please! You can't do that I raised him since he was a little puppy. If [[Mark]] finds out about this he will kill him! I am sure of it."
	- 1. "You went too far Dwori I will report you!" You step away from this traitor.
		- 001.02.02.05.04.01 Report!
			- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
				- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.06 Wuffys meal]]
					- [[Wuffys meal: Dwori has been feeding Wuffy far too much. His recipes prove that he is stealing food from the crew so his dog may dine on the finest specialities he can possibly serve. You told him that you are going to report him to Mark.]]
			- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
				- [[001.02.02.05.A.01 Report Dwori no secret]]
			- END DIALOGUE
	- 2. You feel compassion for this young dwarf. "Alright I am not reporting you! But I won't feed Wuffy either!"
		- 001.02.02.05.04.02 No Report No Feed
			- END DIALOGUE
	- 3. You kneel down to Dwori and help him up. "You convinced me! I will help Wuffy to get his meal!"
		- 001.02.02.05.04.03 No Report Feed
			- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
				- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.05 Wuffys meal]]
					- [[Wuffys meal: You agreed to feed Dworis dog Wuffy on the lower decks. The task appears to be more complicated than you thought because apparently Wuffy is quite the gourmet. You are to ask Wuffy what he wants to eat with the power of the magical ring that Dwori gave you.]]
			- END DIALOGUE