- "I am very real my friend and you are not crazy! What is so special about a rat family hanging out on a ship eating corn?"
  
  As the huge rat talks its biceps flexes with every word it is saying. It starts to stand up on its back feet and crosses its arms in front of its far too wide ribcage. This pose cause the veins of the upper extremity to pop out even more and it looks completely unnatural.
  
  "My Name is [[Django]] but everyone just calls me "The Destroyer of Cheese". We boarded the ship a week ago in hope for a nice safe passage. Instead what do we get... a horror trip with a completely crazy fire spitting killer owl and nothing but corn for our meals. And then there are these rude Really bad service on board this ship!" The other rats have stopped eating and are squeaking out their consent on this matter. " You have to know we are on a trip to visit our relatives in the capital and according to [[Grandpa Rat]] "The Wise" this ship is heading in the correct direction. Can you confirm his calculations?"
	- 1. "I have no idea where this ship is heading to. I'm as lost as you are! What did you say about the owl though?"
		- 001.01.02.03.01.01 No idea
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.03.02 Rats Snoring]]
	- 2. You have them all rounded up. The whole family in one room with only one exit. Now or never. Attack them!
		- 001.01.02.03.01.02 Attack
			- Update to Gameworld:
				- SET Encounter to Hostile:
					- [[001.01.03.03 The Rats]]
			- #InspirationBarbarian
			- END DIALOGUE