- [[Arandim]] immediately stops coughing and inhales deeply. You dart around the table and give the healer a gentle shove. You take the sewing equipement out of her hand. A quick check of the four quadrants of the abdomen tells you that the bleeding is coming from the upper left quadrant. "Most likely the spleen…" you mutter. A deep grab alongside the abdominal wall frees the spleen from its ligamentous attachments and you can dislocate it. Once you did that you already feel the warm stream of fresh blood on your hands. 
  
  A quick look from your hunched position over the abdomen towards the patients pale face confirms your suspicion that he has lost a lot of blood already. His diaphragm is still moving though. So maybe there is still a chance. You grab the sewing equipment and drive it directly through the splenic artery. You wrap the rest of the thread around the vessel and tie a precise knot. The bleeding has mostly stopped. "That only leaves the veins...". After you skillfully sealed them as well you start to rearrange the inner organs to their rightfull place and close up the abdomen.
  
  "Thumpppp!" 
  
  A quick look over your right shoulder tells you that the healer has lost her conciousness. She is still breathing though and the position of her upper body and her head to the side gives no indication that the airflow could be hindered in any way so you turn back to your patient and finish the operation. After thouroghly inspecting the wounded patient you turn your attention towards the young woman on the floor.
	- 1. Wake her up. It's time she faces reality.
		- 001.02.02.03.17.01 Healer Friend
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.18 Wake up Sara]]
	- 2. Just check her vitals and leave her be for the moment. Inspect the bag the patient was talking about first.
		- 001.02.02.03.17.02 Healer Friend
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.19 Check bag not knowing]]
- 001.02.02.03.17.03 Reward Save Arandim
	- REWARD
		- Player [[001.02.06.01 Arandim saved 40XP]]