- Armor of Frost:
  It was natural for me to look for some way to make it through the exams. Armor of Frost, the spell that Allie was able to master that quickly was still a nightmare for me. Sometimes I was able to get the right stance and little icicles formed under my boots, but I was never able to harness that energy and turn it into a protective layer for my ally. So this was the first of many spells I tried to bind into a scroll. After a long series of testruns and many fails I am finally able to say with confidence that I made it. What is remarkable though is that still to this day the recipe that Mr. Bethaniell gave me for the simple sheet of paper never changed. They are perfect. Somehow the paper is able to suck the ingredients into its fabric. When I let the paper slide through my fingers, once the scroll is finished, I can feel the spell bound into every fiber. Mr. Bethaniell was not joking that day in his office, you don't have to be a great mage in order to perform great magic.
  
  For this spell you have to let the paper suck in a Water Essence and a Bluegill Mushroom. In my time serving in the Navy I learned that Water Essences are pretty common on the open ocean. Whenever we encountered a big storm I was often signed up for guard duty and when patrolling during the night the waves would splash on the whole deck and some of them spat a water essence on board. These small bubbles contain the power of the ocean and can be used in various ways. As for bluegill mushrooms, well they are hard to come by. I always carry a couple of them with me in case we are on a long mission.