- As you cast the spell you can immediately see the effects. The stone skin crumbles and slowly fades away into dust. What is left is the normal sand-like colored skin of a middle aged lizard woman. The natural skin color of the lizards inhabiting the dessert region [[Zantalia]] in the southern parts of [[Rivellon]]. She inhales deeply, stands up and turns to you.
  
  "Thank you so much I wondered when I would be freed from this living hell. Where are we? You look quite rough yourself. Did we win the battle?"
  
  "We are on a ship bound to the capital. I am afraid we lost the battle!"
  
  "I see… Well the magic they unleashed on us that day was otherworldly. How could we win against such raw power?"
  
  "The captain told me you are part of [[Legion X]] and that you might have more information concerning this power that they wielded."
  
  "Yes indeed. I was the one who was able to secure a more detailed explanation of how they managed to harvest this power. You see the magic they use is consumed by them as some kind of liquid they call [[Source]]. I have no more details on how they acquire this liquid though. All I know is that it originates from the [[Wizard Academy]]. The very same place I used to study at. I have to report this to [[Ludwig]]. We have to infiltrate the [[Wizard Academy]] in order to find out what is really going on there."
  
  "Well we might have some difficulties achieving that because currently we are being hunted by a magister ship and we run out of [[Food]] . Not to mention the fact that we don't have any decent [[Equipement]] on board."
  
  When you mention the enemy, [[Mara]]s posture instantly changes.
  
  "The [[Magisters]] are following us? Is it just one ship? How many soldiers do we have? Are there other [[Legion X]] soldiers on board?"
  
  You can see that the long state of petrification took its toll because [[Mara]] is slowly sinking back on the chair and her skin looks pale. "It's nothing… I just… have to sit down for a second."
  
  "Relax [[Mara]] they will be upon us tomorrow. There are other [[Legion X]] soldiers on board the ship. They are incapacitaed though… one of them is completely stunned by some sort of electrical force and the other one is a living icicle."
  
  "Wait it's possible to fix this! If I wouldn't be that weak I would do it myself but I guess you might be able to help as well. All you need is the [[Armor of Frost]] spell! Here I have a diary entrance about it. In short all you need is a sheet of paper, a water essence and a [[Bluegill Mushroom]]. I normally have a couple of them on me. Wait let me see."
  
  [[Mara]] starts to rummage through her backpack but can't find anything but a handwritten note. "Took the [[Bluegill Mushroom]] and some pages from your diary hoping I could help my patients. [[Sara]]" 
  
  "Ahh do you know [[Sara]]?"
  
  "I sure do. She is the healer on board this ship. I will see what I can do to get this [[Armor of Frost]] spell going. You relax for a little while longer so that you are ready for the fight tomorrow."
  
  "Wait one more thing. Somewhere in the cabinet here I
	- 001.01.02.04.03.01 Mara healed
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.01.02.04.A.01 Mara healed]]
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.01.02.04.A.00008.01 The origin of Source]]
				- [[Source: During her time as an undercover Legion X soldier Mara investigated the origins of the mysterious liquid that the enemy soldiers are rumoured to consume before the battle. They apparently call it Source. It seems as though this liquid originates from the Wizard Academy.]]
		- TRANSFER ITEM
			- [[001.01.05.01 Armor of Frost recipe]] AND
			- [[001.01.05.01 Weapon Recipes]] from Maras Inventory TO
				- Player Inventory
		- REWARD
			- Player [[001.01.06.01 Heal Mara 20XP]]
		- #InspirationScholar
		- END DIALOGUE