- As you peak through the small window in the door you are presented with a strange site. Next to a small table sits a woman completely permeated with sparks. She twitches and clinges to the armchair she is sitting on. She is bent and twisted like she is suffering from the elictricity. You recognize that she must be a warrior. At least judged by the two swords attached to her belt. What makes the sight even stranger is the fat owl sitting next to her in another armchair. It looks at you and tilts its head slightly to one side as if it wanted to talk to you. 
  
  But then it looses its interest immediatly and starts to yawn if that is even possible for an owl. It seems like it is slowly falling asleep. All of a sudden, as if someone had been watching the whole time only to wait for the owl to fall asleep, a strong and loud snoring that even lets the rumbling sound of the distant storm feel like a soft lullaby compared to its obstrusive nature is rumbling through the hull of the ship. It is coming from the compartment next to the room you are staring into. The owl flutters and flinches and is awake again, looking even more tired.
	- 1. Call out for the owl.
		- 001.01.01.04.01 Call Mr. Shuhu Door locked
			- Check 01
				- IF Player CHECK STATUS
					- #petpal TRUE AND
					- Door to Captains Quarters is locked THEN
						- To Vignette [[001.01.02.02.02 Door closed Pet Pal]]
			- Check 02
				- IF Player CHECK STATUS
					- #petpal FALSE AND
					- Door to Captains Quarters is locked THEN
						- To Vignette [[001.01.02.02.01 Door closed No Pet Pal]]
	- 2. Call out for the woman.
		- 001.01.01.04.02 Scarlett Door Closed
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.05.01 Closed Door Call]]