- The crab stares back into your eyes and for a short moment it seems like to minds are wrestling with each other. He breaks the eye contact and hands you over the Essence. "Take it. You have earned it friend."
  
  "As we are allies now can I make one more request?"
  
  The king was already about to leave the ship and turns back to you. "Sure go ahead."
  
  "I need a Crab Claw to heal one of my friends. I thought you might be able to provide something like this."
  
  "Hmmm. [[Theodorus]]!" The kings bows down to one of his disciples and whispers something to him. 
  
  "Right away your highness!" [[Theodorus]] jumps over board only to return a few moments later with the requested crab claw. You do not even want to ask how he has acquired it.
  
  "There you go! I wish for a long friendship between our two nations! Until we meet again." The crabs start to jump over board one by one.
- 001.02.02.09.13.01 Crabs Leave
	- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
		- [[001.02.02.09.A.00001.04 Deal with the Crabs]]
			- [[The Mighty War Owl: You managed to convince the Crabs that Mr. Shuhu is dead.]]
		- TRANSFER ITEM
			- [[001.02.05.02 Water Essence]] x5 from The King of Crabs Inventory AND
			- [[001.02.05.01 Crabs' Claw]] from Inventory of The King of Crabs TO
				- Players Inventory
		- CHECK 01
			- CHECK GM Journal
				- [[001.02.02.06.A.04 Tricked Mr. Crabs]] TRUE
					- SET ENCOUNTER
						- [[001.02.03.09 The Crabs]] to Deactivated
			- END DIALOGUE
		- CHECK 02
			- CHECK GM Journal
				- [[001.02.02.06.A.04 Tricked Mr. Crabs]] FALSE
					- SET ENCOUNTER
						- [[001.02.03.09 The Crabs]] to Deactivated except Mr. Crabs
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.06.18 Mr. Crabs Support]]