- You can see the disappointement in his face as the glow of excitement begins to fade in his eyes. Then the look on his face changes and you can tell that he must have had some kind of idea as his behaviour towards you completely changes. At first he takes a look around as if he is afraid that somebody might hear what he is about to say. After a couple of moments he feels safe to keep on talking. He turns around and pulls you towards him by laying his arm around your shoulder as if you are his accomplice. He leans over the railing with you and you don't know if it was on purpose or if he planned it but the fact that the wind is coming from the starboard side of the ship and your position to the port side makes it impossible for anybody else to hear what he whispers to you.
  
  "You want a discount? Then do something for me first. You see every crew member here on the upper deck has something of particular interest to me. Now I want you to retrieve these items for me and for each item you bring I decrease the price of my wares by 5%. What do you say? Do we have a deal?"
	- 1. "We have a deal! I bring you the items and you give me a 20% discount! What am I looking for?"
		- 001.02.02.07.01.01 Rob the crew
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.07.02 Thievery]]
	- 2. "First of all I want to have a look at the items you have for sale!"
		- 001.02.02.07.01.02 Check Items
			- UPDATE Gameworld
				- Make Akshan tradeable and tell the player that he can right click and Trade with Akshan
			- IF Player wants to return to the deal after checking the items THEN
				- To Vignette [[001.02.02.07.01 Steal for Discount]]
			- END DIALOGUE
	- 3. "I do not rob my friends. You should be ashamed of yourself to even suggest such a treacherous action!"
		- 001.02.02.07.01.03 Ashamed?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.07.03 No Thief]]