- "An armistice? I never knew that we were at war… Well I guess I should not have eaten that bunch of small ones the other day." He sighs deeply. "What is done is done I guess. You can tell the rats I agree if they stop their horrible snoring so that I can finally take a nap. If you are able to get this done I owe you!" You knock a couple of times at the wall in the direction you know the rats to be. 
  
  " [[Django]] stop the ruckus he agrees with the peace treaty!" The snoring instantly stops and [[Django]] squeezes himself through a tiny hole between the planks. "So you won't hunt us any more?" He looks [[Mr. Shuhu]] straight in the eyes. "Sure I mean I have plenty other things to eat on board the ship you were just a little bit of sports…" You interrupt [[Mr. Shuhu]]. 
  
  "…what he means to say is he is deeply sorry for your loss Django and he wants to be friends with you as long as you don't disturb his rest." [[Django]] extends his muscular arm and shakes the wing of [[Mr. Shuhu]]. "We have a deal!" [[Mr. Shuhu]] turns to you. "Thank you! Finally I can sleep at least a couple of hours. I owe you. If you need anything I will help you best as I can."
	- 1. "There is something that you can help me with. I need one of your feathers and can you create fire essences?"
		- 001.01.02.02.18.01 Feather and Essence
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.02.19 Feather and Essence]]
- 001.01.02.02.18.02 Armistice
	- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
		- [[001.01.02.02.A.04 Mr. Shuhu owes you]] AND
		- [[001.01.02.02.A.05 The Rats join]]