- You approach the sphere and just as you kneel down to grab it you notice a deep rumbling sound originating from beneath the ship. Instinctively you take a couple of steps back. As you stumble backwards you are showered by a cloud of seawater and you hold your arm protectively in front of your face. Through your fingers you can make out a huge crab in the spray. With magical powers it leaps out of the ocean and lands with a loud crack on top of the deck in front of you. It seems to defend the blue sphere. Its huge pincers are snapping together like giant scissors.
- 1. Attack this monster!
	- 001.02.02.09.18 Attack the King
		- SET ENCOUNTER
			- [[001.02.03.09 The Crabs]] to Hostile
		- #InspirationBarbarian
		- END DIALOGUE
- 2. [[001.02.02.09.18.02 Str 15/6]] Roll forward to snatch away the sphere then try to disengage.
	- 001.02.02.09.18.02 Try to steal the sphere
		- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
			- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the primary required threshold THEN
				- #InspirationOutlaw
				- To Vignette [[001.02.02.09.19 Steal the sphere]]
			- IF Player rolls lower than the primary required threshold THEN
				- To Vignette [[001.02.02.09.20 Steal the sphere fail]]
			- IF Player rolls lower than the secondary required threshold THEN
				- #InspirationGM
				- To Vignette [[001.02.02.09.21 Steal the sphere epic fail]]
- 3. Take a step back and leave this monster for now. No need to fight a battle you can't win.
	- 001.02.02.09.18.02 END Dialogue
		- END DIALOGUE