- [[Sara]] points behind her on the ground where a small bag lies on the floor completely stained in blood. You open the bag and look inside. There is an old book that is partly soaked in blood. You carefully take the book out of the bag and try not to destroy it completely as it is glued to the bag by all the dried blood. 
  
  You open the parchments with a crackling sound and there are all kinds of scribblings and formulas that make no sense.  At least for your understanding they don't. You keep on turning the pages and looking for a clue and amidst all the besmirched pages there is one clear sentence written in the common tongue. 
  
  "Paper withstands the devouring nature of time. Combine it with the essence of life and water and you get the chance to save a life."
  
  "…the essence of life and water… what does that mean?" 
  
  You look into the bag as you think about the sentence when a weak glimmer from the bottom of the bag comes to your attention. You reach inside and grab after the light. You feel a small round sphere, cool to the touch. As your fingers embrace the sphere you feel it pulsating in your hands "bubuum, bubuum, bubuum,…" and a prickle runs up your forearm. 
  
  You loosen your grip and feel the spheres pulse getting weaker and it slowly changes its transparency into a more misty tone. Tightening your grip around it makes it beat stronger and the transparency turns back to crystal clear.
	- 1. This is too dangerous let the sphere slip back inside the bag.
		- 001.02.02.03.06.01 Destroy Sphere
			- #InspirationBarbarian
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.07 Sphere changed]]
	- 2. If a firm grip is all this thing needs then by all means I shall keep it in my hand.
		- 001.02.02.03.06.02 Sphere Alive
			- #InspirationMystic
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.08 Sphere alive]]