- [[Wuffy]] shrugs and you can make out a light shivering that travels through his body as if he was trying to get rid of something that troubled him. He gets up standing only on his back paws his front paws are pressed against the door. He turns his head around for a moment and stares into the dark of the room as if he was afraid someone could hear him. Then he leans in bringing his fluffy head closer to the small window in the door and starts whispering:
  
  " [[Wuffy]] not sure... [[Wuffy]] knows [[Mara]] who is sitting there petrified from that horrible battle. [[Wuffy]] always liked her the most apart from Master [[Dwori]] and Wuffys' best friend [[Shaun]] the Sheep of course. But there is someone... or something else in here. [[Wuffy]] feels its presence but can't explain or see it. 
  
  It seems though it is coming from the corpses that are piled up over there. Maybe it is only Wuffys' imagination and the feeling is rooted in Wuffys' hate against [[Mark]] who had locked [[Wuffy]] up in here and letting [[Wuffy]] starve. Wuuufff can you let [[Wuffy]] out of here huuuman?"
	- 1. Wuuufff! Who is Mark? What battle are you talking about exactly?
		- 001.01.02.01.06.01 Wuffy closed door Mark? 5
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.07 Wuffy closed door Mark?]]
	- 2. Wuuufff! Why Wuffy sad?
		- 001.01.02.01.06.02 Wuffy closed door Wuffy sad 5
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.02 Wuffy closed door Wuffy sad]]
	- 3. Wuuufff! Why Wuffy starving?
		- 001.01.02.01.06.03 Wuffy closed door Wuffy starving 5
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.03 Wuffy closed door starving]]
	- 4. Wuuufff! Where are we?
		- 001.01.02.01.06.04 Wuffy closed door Wuffy Where? 5
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.05 Wuffy closed door Where?]]
	- 5. Wuuufff! I don't have the keys! I can't let Wuffy out. I'm sorry! Where are the keys?
		- 001.01.02.01.06.05 Wuffy closed door Wuffy no keys 5
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.04 Wuffy closed door no keys]]
- 001.01.02.01.06.06 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- IF Player wants to End Dialogue
			- END DIALOGUE