- "Hey, wake up!" You adress her directly but there is no reaction and you gently grab her shoulder. "Wake up!" She slowly opens her eyes. "Ahh there you are! Welcome back!" 
  
  "Whaa... What happened?" A shiver runs through her body.
  
  "What's your name soldier?"
  
  "...[[Sara]] [[2nd Lieutenant]] of the [[First Legion]]. First Cohort. First century." She is clearly completely orientated. " But please tell me what happened?"
  
  "Well you passed out performing the operation..."
  
  "[[Arandim]]! Nooo..." She jumps up only to find a living breathing patient with a closed stomach in front of her. "Wait... You did that?" She turns her head to you and her eyes begin to widen. 
  
  "Ah well it was nothing really you already did most of the work by yourself."
  
  "Haha! Thank you so much!" She wraps her arms around you and you can feel tears of joy running down her cheeks. She loosens the grip around you and takes a step back to see your face. "I couldn't do it you know. You see [[Arandim]] is my friend. We went to the military acedemy together."
  
  "Is there anything you can tell me about his last words? "My live is inside my bag." Does that mean anything to you?"
  
  [[Sara]] takes a deep breath. "Well, before I started the operation he told me that he is part of a secret legion that operated behind enemy lines. I don't know when he joined them. It must have been some years after we finished our training. He told me about a completely new and secret discovery of the enemy. He did not understand the purpose of this discovery but he stole all the necessary documents in order to disrupt their research completely and set them back at least 10 years. When his pain became unbearable he started to hallucinate and babbled something about immortality."
  
  You are starting to put the pieces together. "[[Arandim]] told us the last clue of his discovery. It must be the sentence in this book I suppose." You speak out your thoughts loudly.
  
  "I haven't had the time to look inside the bag yet. What did you find?"
  
  "Well there was this book with all kinds of strange scribblings and formulas and this sentence here." You show [[Sara]] the one sentence you could decipher.
  
  "Paper withstands the devouring nature of time. Combine it with the essence of life and water and you get the chance to save a life." What does that even mean? Did you find anything else inside the bag?
  
  "Well yes. There was this pulsating glimmering orb that just turned into a diamond once I touched it. I fear I might have destroyed it."
  
  "Well we don't know that for sure. Maybe [[Arandim]] will know more about it when he wakes up. The research is not that important! The most important thing is that he is alive!" 
  
  She stops talking but you can feel that there is still something she wants to ask you. "Yes that is very fortunate indeed! Is there anything else I can do to help you?"
  
  [[Sara]] blushes a little then she looks straight in your eyes. "I do not want to burden you with more tasks as you have already helped me so much. But maybe you could help me with my other patients as well?"
  
  "Sure [[Mark]] already told me how dire the situation is. I do whatever I can to help you."
  
  [[Sara]] exhales and you can clearly see how relieved she is. "Well there is [[Dwori]] Bitterdrought our cook. He was struck by a lightning spell directly into his face. I have no idea how he managed to survive that. After the battle he started to slowly loose his eyesight and now we can't rely on his cooking skills any longer. Now he is lying there next to the front mast blinded and completely terrified. Then there is [[John]] our [[1st Lieutenant]]. He fell ill shortly after the battle and everything I have tried did not work one bit. 
  
  I guess that the enemys' spells infected him with some sort of magical disease. And maybe you have seen the three women on the lower deck? They all suffered a terrible fate and I can't do anything for them as well. I guess the petrified lizard woman in the bow of the ship is a mage. If only she were to recover I think we could heal at least someone on board this ship. But I feel helpless without magic that I can not wield."
  
  "I see what I can do. Do you have any medicine left that could help me with my task?"
  
  "I have to admit that I looked everywhere on this ship for a solution and I even searched through the personal belongings of the other survivors. I found an old diary on the Lizard mage. The interesting part about it is that she apparently cured some of the illnesses we are dealing with right now. She has written these stories down but I am not able to recreate these spells. Maybe you can try it? Here I have ripped out the two pages I found most interesting. One of them describes how to cure various diseases that might help [[John]]. The other page I ripped out is a story about how she got rid of her friends fear of exams so I thought maybe that can help [[Dwori]]."
  
  "You ripped these pages from her diary? Where is the rest of it?"
  
  "Well I found it on her when I was examining her. I put the book into the shelf next to her. One more thing I noticed was that there was already one page missing when I took it. It has been carefully removed. Ah and I found these two mushrooms on her maybe they are important somehow?"
  
  "Thank you Sara I will try to cure your comrades."
	- 001.02.02.03.20.01 Healer Friend
		- CHECK 01
			- Player CHECK STATUS
				- #beestings TRUE OR
				- #beestingshardcore TRUE
					- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.28 Sara Help Beestings]]
		- CHECK 02
			- Player CHECK STATUS
				- #beestings FALSE AND
				- #beestingshardcore FALSE
					- END DIALOGUE
	- A
- 001.02.02.03.20.02 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.03.A.02 Friendship with Sara]]
		- TRANSFER ITEM
			- [[001.02.05.01 Peace of Mind Scroll Recipe]] from Saras Inventory AND
			- [[001.02.05.01 Fortify Scroll Recipe]] from Saras Inventory AND
			- [[001.02.05.01 Bluegill Mushroom]] x2 from Saras Inventory TO
				- Player Inventory