- You finally admit that there is no way out of this cell. You sit down, exhausted from the strains these past days put on you. You think about your comrades that lost their lives in the hopeless battle against the Magisters. At least they went out with dignity. There is no point in fighting your destiny. You will be taken to the doctor and he will use you for some kind of sick experiment.
  
  Your mind racing with all the possible ways to get out of the cell is slowly calming down. Your eyes slowly close. At first you fight it but then after a couplle of minutes that seem to you like eternity you embrace the urge and fall asleep...
  
  "All hands on deck! Reef the sails! Come on you worthless maggots or we will all die in this godforsaken storm!"
  
  The booming voice of Clover coming from the upper deck wakes you as he shouts his commands to the crew. In an instant you realize the urgency of his commands. The ship is thrown from one side to the other as if it was a small miniature in a bathtub. The planks creak. You are certain that there is not much time left until the ship is ripped apart by the massive storm you currently find yoiurselfs in. A loud clatter from one of the decks above, followed by disturbingly loud screams from the crewmembers seem to confirm your suspicion. There was however another sound right after the clatter. It was definitely coming from an animal, multiple animals to be precise. You can't quite interpret this information yet. Instead of the command to plug holes or abandon ship that you expected next, a totally different command is given by Clover:
  
  "Kill them all! Don't show any mercy! They have consumed the source. Fight! Fight! Figh...aaaarggghhh!"
  
  On the deck above you the sound of a huge battle erupts. Soldiers scream and the sound of weapons hitting enemy flesh rips through the unbearably frightening noise of the ship bending in the storm.
  
  Suddenly all sort of liquids pour through the slits between the planks above you. Only a few moments later an alarmingly similar animalistic sound to the one before is coming from the bow of the ship. But this time it seems to be on your deck. There are a few muffled screams that you think might have come from Dimitry. What happens next could be only described as one of the worst nightmares you could only dream up in the wildest of dreams.
  
  The door to the storage room is cracked wide open. Through the opened door pour a couple of slimey lizards. They are almost completely black except for some glowing parts at their tail and their