- "Hey I found something rather odd inside the bag." You show her the book and the stone and tell her the story how it has changed.
  
  "Hmm it pains me to say it but I think you broke it!" I think our last hope of getting him back is gone now.
  
  You nod. She has a point there.
  
  "Well it would have been a long shot anyway who knows if it would have worked. Let's focus on the rest of the crew. Maybe you could help me saving the other patients I have!"
  
  "I am sorry for your friend [[Sara]]. Sure I do whatever I can to help you! Who needs our aid?"
  
  "Glad to hear that! Now then there is [[Dwori]] Bitterdrought our cook. He was struck by a lightning spell directly into his face. I have no idea how he managed to survive that. After the battle he started to slowly loose his eyesight and now we can't rely on his cooking skills any longer. Now he is lying there next to the front mast blinded and completely terrified. Then there is [[John]] our [[1st Lieutenant]]. He fell ill shortly after the battle and everything I have tried did not work one bit. I guess that the enemys' spells infected him with some sort of magical disease. And maybe you have seen the three women on the lower deck? 
  
  They all suffered a terrible fate and I can't do anything for them as well. I guess the petrified lizard woman in the bow of the ship is a mage. If only she were to recover I think we could heal at least someone on board this ship. At least I found this diary of hers. If I could only find out how she managed to perform these magic spells that she is writing about I could heal at least some of the crew."
  
  "Can I have a look at this diary?"
  
  "Sure why not here are the two pages I ripped from her diary and the two mushrooms I found on her when I examined her."
  
  "Where is the rest of the diary?"
  
  "On the lower deck next to the lizard mage I put it in the bookshelf next to her."
  
  "Thank you [[Sara]] I will try my best to help the crew!"
	- 001.02.02.03.22.01 Healer Friend
		- CHECK 01
			- Player CHECK STATUS
				- #beestings TRUE OR
				- #beestingshardcore TRUE
					- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.28 Sara Help Beestings]]
		- CHECK 02
			- Player CHECK STATUS
				- #beestings FALSE AND
				- #beestingshardcore FALSE
					- END DIALOGUE
- 001.02.02.03.22.02 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- TRANSFER ITEM
			- [[001.02.05.01 Culinary Advice on Crabs]] from Saras Inventory AND
			- [[001.02.05.01 Fortify Recipe]] from Saras Inventory AND
			- [[001.02.05.01 Bluegill Mushroom]] x2 from Saras Inventory TO
				- Player Inventory