- [[Django]] freezes up when you grab his shoulder and turns around slowly. You remove your hand slowly and take a deep breath. "Well there is something actually…" He flexes his right arm and the enormous biceps he is carrying around swells to a proportion that seems otherwordly. 
  
  "I have been loosing my form a little bit since we are on this journey. Only wheat all day doesn't help all that much with building up muscle tissue. In short I need my protein and maybe you can provide. What I have in mind is pretty simple. The cook on this ship, a short feller with black hair and an eyepatch sometimes prepares it for the crew. 
  
  I have watched him a couple of times preparing his [[Cheese Bread]] and I think it might be to my liking. But I need it the way he does it. You see he always puts an egg in the dough and uses milk instead of water. All of this culminates in an extra tasty protein bar that my poor biceps so desperatly craves. Since he is blind now I guess you are my best chance to get my hands on that speciality. If you can provide me with a [[Cheese Bread]] I am willing to make peace with the Owl. What do you say?
	- 1. "Sure I can provide you with a Cheese Bread no problem."
		- UPDATE Players Quest Journal:
			- [[001.01.02.03.A.00001.05 Djangos' cheese bread]]
				- [[The Mighty War Owl: Django agreed to make peace with Mr. Shuhu if you can provide him with a cheese bread baked with an egg and milk so he finally gets enough protein.]]
		- END Dialogue
	- 2. "I am sorry Django but we are already running low on food I cannot provide you with cheese bread."
		- #InspirationSoldier
		- To Vignette [[001.01.02.03.10 No Cheese Bread Agreement]]