- "Hello there! Why are you so sad?"
  
  The young dwarf flips around to you and stares next to you in the sky. His remaining left eye is turning left and right in its socket so you are pretty sure that he cannot see you. His tears are gone and he is a changed man in comparison to the whining bundle he was before you announced yourself.
  
  "Who are you? What do you want? How long have you been here for?" He showers you with questions which appears like a confirmation to you that he is indeed blind.
  
  You think for a moment and decide it would be best if you do not tell him about the enemy ship that is following you. He seems pretty shaken already. "Well I am a fellow comrade that fought in the battle just as you did. I want to help you if that is within my capabilities. I just arrived and heard a little bit about your sorrows."
  
  The dwarf had pushed himself a little bit up and supports the weight of his wide upper body with his arms. Now that he knows who you are and that you are no threat to him he lays back down on the makeshift bed.
  
  "Well then if you heard my muttering you know everything already. I am [[Dwori]] the cook on board this ship. I took part in the same battle and was struck by a lightning spell directly into my face. I was lucky and somehow with the care of [[Sara]] our healer I managed to survive, but I am blinded since that unfortunate day. Now I can't even care for my dog anymore. Tell me have you seen [[Wuffy]] my dog? Is he still alive? I know that it must sound crazy but I really care for him!"
  
  "Oh no!" You did not talk out loud but instead talk to yourself. "That dog on the lower decks was his… Well how do I tell this broken man that his one true love is no more?"
	- 1. [[001.02.02.05.18.01 Pers+Char 18]] LIE: "I am so sorry Dwori! But your dog attacked me instantly! I think he went crazy!
		- 001.02.02.05.18.01 Convince Dwori dead Wuffy
			- SKILL CHECK
				- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
					- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
						- #InspirationVillain
						- [[001.02.02.05.19 Dwori convinced of Wuffys attack]]
					- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
						- #InspirationGM
						- [[001.02.02.05.20 Dwori not convinced of Wuffys attack]]
	- 2. TRUTH: "As soon as I touched the dead soldiers to look for anything that might help us he attacked.
		- 001.02.02.05.18.02 Convince Dwori truth dead Wuffy
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.05.21 Tell Dwori the truth]]