- As you walk along the gangway on the port side of the ship you are pulled to the side by a male Lizard. Judging by his outfit you reckon he is some kind of merchant.
  
  "Pssst hey my friend do you have a moment? My name is [[Akshan]]. I accompanied the [[First Legion]] when they embarked on their endeavour to get rid of Lord [[Mandir]]. I support the cause by offering my humble services as a trader and I used to have a great variety of goods to choose from. Since we were beaten so horribly that day I decided to retreat with you on board this ship." 
  
  He pauses for a second to catch his breath. "Now I have a gift you see. It enables me to see if someone is in need of something… and let me tell you my friend you are definitly in need of something. Here let me show you what I can offer you."
  
  He starts to open his tunic and presents all kinds of goods.
  
  "Now currently we are in a very exceptional situation so you do understand that I have to charge you a little bit extra on some of this stuff…" As he keeps on talking about the pricing on some of these items his eyes begin to shine in excitement. "…and this one here is just 500 gold pieces. Now what do you say my friend? Is there anything that caught your attention already?"
	- 1. "The pricing seems to be a little bit too high for my liking. Is there anything you can do about that?"
		- 001.02.01.07.01 Pricing
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.07.01 Steal for Discount]]
	- 2. Have a look at what he has to offer you.
		- 001.02.01.07.02 END Dialogue
			- UPDATE Gameworld
				- Make Akshan a tradable character
			- END DIALOGUE and tell the player that he can right click and trade with Akshan
- 001.02.01.07.03 Akshan second Talk
	- CHECK 01
		- CHECK GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.01.A.04 Trick Akshan]] TRUE AND
			- [[[001.02.02.07.A.02 Akshan knows of report]] FALSE
				- To Vignette [[001.02.02.07.05 Akshan tricked]]
	- CHECK 02
		- CHECK GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.01.A.04 Trick Akshan]] TRUE AND
			- [[001.02.02.07.A.02 Akshan knows of report]] TRUE
				- To Vignette [[001.02.02.07.07 Akshan knows]]
	- CHECK 03
		- CHECK GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.01.A.04 Trick Akshan]] FALSE AND
			- [[001.02.02.07.A.02 Akshan knows of report]] FALSE
				- Player may give Akshan the items he asked for. See 001.02.01.07.04 below for rewards.
- 001.02.01.07.04 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- Player CHECK INVENTORY
			- [[001.02.05.01 Dwori's Malachite Copper Ring]] TRUE OR
			- [[001.02.05.01 Sara's Sapphire Necklace]] TRUE OR
			- [[001.02.05.01 John's Beryl Ring]] TRUE OR
			- [[001.02.05.01 Mark's Belt]] TRUE
				- Player may give one of the requested Items to Akshan to raise his attitude towards all players by 25