- "...you were thrown in the brigg... for a crime you did not commit..." You remember all of it clearly: "The magister ship that pursued you. The inevitable battle."
  
  In front of your cage are a three Magisters. A very tall and intimidating figure catches your attention. He speaks to another man in long white robes and greasy, red hair. Another magister who seems to be of much lower rank sits on a stool next to the iron cage that holds you.
  
  "See what you can use them for. I don't care if they die during the procedure. I just want you to be first in succeeding with your experiments. Think of all the riches and power we will receive as a reward, Dimitry."
  
  "You don't have to remind me Clover. If you had not beaten the others half to death I would have had even more fresh suspects for my experiments."
  
  "I know Dimitry... I know... and I am sorry, but they just would not give up. You know how stubborn these Legionnaires can be sometimes... ooh look they are waking up. Here take the key to the storage room in case you need anything from their supplies. And please don't take too much time with your Meatbugs."
  
  "How many times do I have to tell you Clover? The animal testing phase is very important! I wouldn't be here without the extensive research I put into them. An until now they delivered far better results than the human trials ever did!"
  
  "Yes, yes I know..." Clover sighs. "But they don't warrent a reward that high." 
  
  "Always after the riches... money is not going to buy us anything Clover if we are dead. Please make sure the cargo is safely stored away tonight! I don't want to have the same incident like four days ago when the storm hit us."
  
  Clover sighs. "Yeah you are right but we dealt with it quickly. Your meatbugs aren't that strong after all."
  
  "That was pure luck! If they had underwent metamorphosis we'd all been killed!"
  
  "Relax Dimitry! Tonight we celebrate the victory and forget our grief for the fallen. It's important for crew morale, especially in our case with all your slimey, festering meatbugs in every storage room the crew needs some distraction."
  
  With these words he turns to leave the brigg.
  
  "For the love of Pluturon! Please keep your men in check tonight Clover! I know we just won a battle and they have to let off some steam, but with all the party noise I can't concentrate on my work." 
  
  There is no response from Clover.
  
  Dimitry turns to you again and inspects you like a farmer would inspect his livestock selecting it for the butcher. He then turns towards the guard sitting in front of your cage. "I expect no drinking from you tonight Pierre. I have to conduct some final experiments in my laboratory and then I will get one of the prisoners. If I find you drinking or god forbid sleeping on duty again, I will use you for the experiment instead. Is that understood?"
  
  Pierre seems to be very much guilty of the accusations as he responds quickly with a nervous stutter in his voice: "Ye..Ye...Ye... Yes o..of course doctor."
  
  With one last glance towards you and a reassuring look towards the thick iron bars that seperate you from the rest of the room he leaves. 
  
  Pierre sighs and sits upright on his stool. He tries to ignore you. You inspect the rest of the room. Right next to you in another cell, seperated by another wall of iron bars, lies the rest of the crew unconscious. They are beaten up badly and Mark seems to miss.
  
  The brigg is lit by a dim flickering lantern. There are some cargo boxes tied up for save transport.  Some of them seem to contain the crews rum and wine storage. Inspite of the poor lighting you can make out an unusually big rat amongst the cargo. This must be Django. You don't know how he managed to escape the Magisters but maybe he could be your way out of this prison.
  
  In front of the prison cells are two levers. They must be part of a mechanism to open the prison doors. One for each door.
- 1. [[001.05.01.01.01.01 Pers+Int 7]] Try to talk to the guard: "Pierre was it, correct? How is it that a fine soldier such as yourself is not allowed to participate in the battle celebrations?"
	- 001.05.01.01.01.01 Talk to Pierre
		- SKILL CHECK
			- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
				- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
					- To Vignette [[001.05.02.01.01 Missing Celebrations Success]]
				- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
					- To Vignette [[001.05.02.01.02 Missing Celebrations Failure pet pal]]
- 2. Try to signal Django to come to your cell.
	- 001.05.01.01.01.02 Django pretty please
		- CHECK GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.01.02.02.A.05 The Rats join]] TRUE
				- To Vignette [[001.05.02.01.17 Django pet pal support]]
			- [[001.01.02.02.A.05 The Rats join]] FALSE
				- To Vignette [[001.05.02.01.18 Django pet pal no support]]
- 3. There is no point in denying the truth. You are stuck down here and are at the mercy of the Magisters. Inspect the cell you are destined to die in.
	- 001.05.01.01.01.03 END Dialogue
		- END DIALOGUE
- 001.05.01.01.01.04 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- Walk Clover first and then Dimitry to the Laboratory door THEN
			- UPDATE GAMEWORLD
				- Delete Clover
				- MOVE CHARACTER
					- Dimitry TO
						- [[001.05.01.03 The enemy Ship 1st Deck The Doctor's Test Chamber]] in front of the operating rack of the Injected Nimble Meatbug facing the sleeping Injected Nimble Meatbug
				- SET INGAME STATUS
					- Dimitry
						- EMOTE: Crafting