- Just as you turn around the huge crab lays a claw on your shoulder and holds you back for a moment. 
   
  "I did get the impression we started off on the wrong foot here. If you want the Essence there is one thing you could do. Technically if you were to be our ally you would have access to a small portion of Essences per year. That would count as a token of good will between our nations of course." The king is obviously trying to make this work and you can sense that he is trying to gain something out of this deal.
  
  "In order to join us you have to swear loyalty to our nation and fight against our enemies. And that is where our deal comes in. You see we have relatives that live close to the coast and they are fighting a holy war against our fierce enemy: The birds! Now I sense such a presence on board this ship and I am not talking about those chicken over there! They are harmless creatures as they are unable to fly and their airforce is therefore underdeveloped. With my superior senses I feel that there is another monstrosity on board this ship!" As he finishes his sentence you can see that his eyes are fixated on a small splat of bird dung in the rigging of the sails. Most likely it originates from the owl on the lower decks. "If you are able to proof your loyalty to us by bringing us a feather or some other kind of proof that you managed to kill the beast I will grant you the Essence."
- 1. "This owl you are talking about is the pet of my General I will not hurt it." Turn around and leave.
	- 001.02.02.09.08.01 Leave the Crabs
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.09.A.03 No Deal with the Crabs]]
		- END DIALOGUE
- 2. "Sure I can get rid of this beast! I will bring you a feather of the monster as proof of its demise."
	- 001.02.02.09.08.02 Hastely Offer
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.09.A.01 Deal with the Crabs]]
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.02.02.09.A.00001.01 Deal with the Crabs]]
				- [[The Mighty War Owl: You agreed to bring a feather of Mr. Shuhu to the Crabs as a sign of your victory over their deadly foe. In turn the Crabs agreed to enter an alliance if you manage to do so. Being part of that alliance grants you access to a small amount of Water Essences.]]
		- END DIALOGUE