- "Well, well, well! A mere soldier then…" He sighs loudly and in a completely exaggerated way. "It has been a long time since I negotiated with someone so far below myself but if you are indeed empowered to talk for your people I shall lower my standards and make an exception."
  
  His words are followed by a dramatic silence. He must have hoped that you are being honored by his kindness but since you do not show any hint of said expression nor one related to it his look darkens a little.
  
  "Ähm… well then…" his pride has obviously been tarnished. "Where were we? Ah yes! You humblyyy…" He stretches that word quite a bit too long. "…requested an audience with me. That request is valid indeed and shall be granted by me [[Mr. Crabs]] Procurer of The Treaty of the Seven Oceans, Personal Advisor of his Majesty the King, Keeper of the Sea, …" He clearly enjoys to list all his titles and as he boasts about them you almost get the feeling that he starts to grow a little. "So tell me why am I trespassing here in the middle of the ocean on our great nations' territory?"
- 1. You have had enough of this conceited little brat. Attack him and show him who is the real Master of the Ocean.
	- 001.02.02.06.06.01 PetPal Kill Mr.Crabs
		- UPDATE Gameworld
			- SET ENCOUNTER
				- [[001.02.03.06 Mr. Crabs]] to Hostile
		- #InspirationBarbarian
		- END DIALOGUE
- 2. This crab is clearly deluded just leave it. It does not seem to do anything at the moment.
	- 001.02.02.06.06.02 Petpal Leave
		- END DIALOGUE
- 3. Seize the opportunity to grab the sphere while he is boasting about himself. Make a run for it.
	- 001.02.02.06.06.03 Seize the Moment of Boasting
		- To Vignette [[001.02.02.06.07 Tricked Mr. Crabs]]
- 4. [[001.02.02.06.06.04 Pers+Con 12]] "This ship is treated as territory of his Highness Emporer Ludwig himself. Now hand over the sphere!"
	- 001.02.02.06.06.04 Ludwigs' Territory
		- SKILL CHECK
			- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
				- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
					- #InspirationScholar
					- To Vignette [[001.02.02.06.10 Mr. Crabs Diplomacy Success]]
				- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold AND
					- CHECK GM JOURNAL
						- [[001.01.01.13.A.01 Purpose of Water Essence]] TRUE THEN
					- #InspirationGM
					- To Vignette [[001.02.02.06.12 Mr. Crabs Diplomacy fail Mercy]]
				- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold AND
					- CHECK GM JOURNAL
						- [[001.01.01.13.A.01 Purpose of Water Essence]] FALSE THEN
					- #InspirationGM
					- To Vignette [[001.02.02.06.11 Mr. Crabs Diplomacy fail No Mercy]]