- You cast the spell and the sparks covering the womans armor fade away. She slowly lifts her upper body and stretches her arms while greeting you with a big yawn. When she realizes that you are standing right in front of her she jumps up from her seat and unsheates one of her swords. 
  
  "Who are you? Where am I?"
  
  You explain the situation to her and how you managed to heal her and that you are being followed by a [[Magisters]] ship. During your explanations you notice that the expression on her face grows ever more friendly and the initial mistrust you felt when you first woke her gives way to an honest expression of gratitude and respect. She slams her right hand covered by her iron gauntlets with full force onto your shoulder.
  
  "Thank you very much! I am [[Scarlett]] by the way. I'd like to meet that [[General]] who saved our asses on the battlefield. I want to talk to him about the upcoming fight. You said he is on the upper deck?"
  
  "Yes indeed we are preparing for the upcoming battle. We need every help we can get."
  
  "Wait you said you don't have good [[Equipement]] on board right? Here take this." She hands you a small notebook. "These recipes saved my ass a couple of times already. Maybe you can put them to good use."
	- 001.01.02.05.02.01 Scarlett healed
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL:
			- [[001.01.02.05.A.01 Scarlett healed]]
		- TRANSFER ITEM
			- [[001.01.05.01 Scarletts Notebook]] from Scarletts Inventory TO
				- Player Inventory
		- UPDATE Scarlett
			- Deactivate Scarlett
			- Place Scarlett next to Mark IN LEVEL [[001.02 Prologue Upper Deck]]
		- FOLLOW PARTY
			- Scarlett
		- REWARD
			- Player [[001.01.06.01 Heal Scarlett 20XP]]
		- END DIALOGUE
-