- "This damn dog! At first he bites me and now this?" 
  
  He takes a deep breath.
  
  "Do you have proof for your accusations?"
  
  You think for a moment. If you tell [[Mark]] the truth about you talking to [[Wuffy]] he will think you are completely crazy. You have to find another way. "No actually I can't proof it yet. But if I can proof it I will return."
  
  [[Mark]] eyes you with suspicion and there is an awkward moment of silence. He cleares his throat and then continues: "Well if you find any proof bring it straight to me! If it is true what you are saying and [[Dwori]] is feeding [[Wuffy]] indeed so much then I am afraid they both have to suffer the consequences for this treachery. Here take this key it gives you access to the stern room on the lower decks to the chamber where Wuffy is currently locked in. That should help you investigate the matter further."
	- 1. Why and against whom were we fighting again?
		- 001.02.02.01.18.01 Against who?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.20 Against who? Bees alive wuffy]]
	- 2. Ask him about the dog.
		- 001.02.02.01.18.02 The Dog?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.21 The Dog? Bees alive wuffy]]
	- 3. Ask him about the owl.
		- 001.02.02.01.18.03 The Owl?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.22 The Owl? Bees alive wuffy]]
	- 4. Tell him about the rats on the lower deck.
		- 001.02.02.01.18.04 The Rats?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.23 The Rats? Bees alive wuffy]]
	- 5. Tell him that there are bees on the lower deck and you think that we should get rid of them.
		- 001.02.02.01.18.05 Bees?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.24 Bees? Bees alive wuffy]]
- 001.02.02.01.18.06 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.01.A.03 Betray Wuffy!]]
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.02.02.01.A.00002.09 Wuffys meal]]
				- [[Wuffys meal: Mark cannot believe what you are telling him about Dwori and his dog Wuffy. If it is true that Dwori feeds Wuffy that much and you can proof it to Mark he will have to punish Dwori for his treachery. There are already not enough food supplies on the ship and with Wuffy munching away the rest of them you could never make it back to the capital without restocking your supplies.]]
		- TRANSFER ITEM
			- [[001.02.05.01 Key to the stern room]] from Marks's Inventory to
				- Player Inventory
		- IF Player wants to End Dialogue
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.29 Mark sees the enemy]]