- You can tell on the baffled look on Marks face that he can't believe what he is hearing. The surprised expression disappears and the compassionate look on his face returns and he starts to explain.
  
  "Four years ago Lord [[Mandir]] a powerfull vassal of the crown officially broke his allegiance to the king. Years before that he established his city as the main trading hub of the entire kingdom, all with the full support of the crown. You can imagine how surprised the court was when they heard his announcement. At first we tried to negotiate with him in order to understand his motivations. His demands were outrageous. 
  
  The king should resign from his position and all his vassals should earn their independency as seperate states. We held a big meeting and almost every vassal voted to stay under the protection of the crown. Only a few of them, mostly located at the border to Lord Mandirs territory had established trading routes that benefitial for them that they decided to leave the kingdom. We accepted their decision and immediately declared them independent countys. All they had to do is to accept the breach of contract clause and pay us reperations.
  
  Lord [[Mandir]] was not satisfied with our solution, refused to pay reperations and started a trading war instead. His years of economic preperations finally paid of. He bought almost all the precious metal mined by the dwarfs, all the magical and enchanted items from the elves and he signed a big slave trading deal with the lizards which is forbidden in the kingdom. With that he delivered a devastating blow to the kingdom. 
  
  Within two years the kingdom went from wealthy to almost bankrupt. All the traders left the cities and the people slowly started to leave the capital. That was when he decided to deliver the final blow. Out of the blue he attacked our cities with his new force the [[Magisters]]. At that time we were economically weakened and our army was in poor condition due to weapon shortages as the supply of metal and iron forged weapons from the dwarfs had run out. 
  
  Nevertheless we managed to fend of his attacks for quite some time slaughtering many of his soldiers. Almost for a full year we fought a bitter never ending storm of sieges, battles and skirmishes. Then his attacks grew weaker and at first we thought he had lost interest in conquering us for a prize that high. How foolish we were!"
  
  The flickering in Marks eyes sends a shiver down your spine. You can see the pure hate, frustration and pain. He blinks and the shimmer is gone and there is only sadness left.
  
  "Our spies finally found it out. I suspect you never heard of [[Legion X]]? Well I haven't either at least not until that day in the briefing room. It was almost two months ago when [[Major]] [[Thompson]] invited me to the war council. Emporer [[Ludwig]] himself was present with Queen [[Keila]] by his side. [[Legion X]] a whole legion operating behind enemy lines finally found out that Lord [[Mandir]] was testing some kind of new weapon. 
  
  It involved some sort of liquid consumed by his soldiers. There was also talk about some kind of monsters which were never even seen before. We had to act quickly and decided to lead an attack against [[Arx]] his main trading hub and biggest source of income. Little did we know about his defences. You witnessed the power of his new weapon yourself. When we attacked his frontline his soldiers unleashed hell on us. 
  
  [[Third Legion]] was the first to go in. They even signed up for the task eager to fight, mainly consisting out of dwarfs, elves and lizards. They always had the biggest desire to proof themselves among the legions. If you could remember that moment when you clashed against their powerfull spells. It was horrifiying to watch your legion getting wiped away from the battlefield. [[Legion X]] simultaniously started a well organized sneak attack from the rear. 
  
  They took the [[Magisters]] by surprise and were able to hit them quite hard when all of a sudden these monsters attacked them and ripped them apart. Afer a last desperate attack by the [[First Legion]] and the [[Second Legion]] we were finally beaten and had to retreat. I tried to save as many soldiers as possible…"
  
  The flickering in his eyes returns and this time it does not get wiped away by a blink.
  
  "…too few. I couldn't save enough. I swear if I have the possibility to avenge the casualties we suffered that day I will show no mercy."
  
  [[Mark]] stops and it seems as if his pain has let his face age for a decade. He remains silent and you can only hear the wind whistling through the sails. After some time he clears his throat and as if he had read your mind he asks: "There was something else you wanted to ask me?"
	- 1. Ask him about the dog.
		- 001.02.02.01.25.01 The Dog?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.26 Dog? Bees dead wuffy]]
	- 2. Betray Wuffy! Tell Mark that Dwori his cook has been secretly giving food to Wuffy even when food was scarce.
		- 001.02.02.01.25.02 Betray Wuffy!
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.19 Betray Wuffy! Bees dead]]
	- 3. Ask him about the owl.
		- 001.02.02.01.25.03 The Owl?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.27 The Owl? Bees dead wuffy]]
	- 4. Tell him about the rats on the lower deck.
		- 001.02.02.01.25.04 The Rats?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.28 The Rats? Bees dead wuffy]]
- 001.02.02.01.25.05 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- 001.02.02.01.A.00010.16 Lord Mandir
				- [[Lord Mandir: Mark told you about the beginning of the war against Lord Mandir. What started off as a peaceful seperation of a couple of border counties close to Lord Mandirs city Arx turned into an all out war when he did not accept the outcome of an independence vote from the Empires vassals. Due to an economic crisis, caused by Lord Mandirs efforts to undermine the Empires trading deals with neighboring kingdoms, the Empire was brought to its knees before the war had even started. Soon the Magisters won battle after battle in a brutal war of attrition. After Legion X found out that the enemies were testing some kind of new drug which enhances their fighting force the war council decided to attack Arx. In a desperate attempt to capture Lord Mandir and to end the war the First, Second and Third Legion sailed to Arx for a final battle. But it was already too late. They wittnessed the unleashed power of the new drug first hand when they clashed against The Magisters. Even a surprise attack from Legion X, which blew their cover, could not save the day.]]
		- IF Player wants to End Dialogue
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.29 Mark sees the enemy]]