- [[Mr. Crabs]] looks you up and down. You know that look. It is the look of someone assessing if you are to be trusted or not.
  
  "Interesting!" He stretches the word while he seems to try and figure out if you are telling him just another lie or if its the truth this time. "You are surely resourceful my friend. As an accomplished diplomat I do have respect for that quality."
  
  You can tell by the look on his face that his attitude towards you has changed already. He seems to be more welcoming and is genuinly beginning to respect you.
  
  "Tell me now why do you even need our most precious treasure?"
  
  You show him the book you found in the stern room on the lower decks.
  
  "There are sick people on board this ship. I need this sphere or essence to use your term for it to save them from their suffering. One of them is caught in eternal lightning and the other one is a living icicle. With this essence I hope to bring them back!"
  
  [[Mr. Crabs]] was listening very carefully to every word you said. After you have told him everything he reads the recipe at least three times. Every time he starts over he seems to get more excited and reads faster then before. Suddenly he closes the book and looks up to you.
  
  "Now I understand your dilemma. I would do the same to get my friends back. But understand this the Essence of Water is sacred to my people! Whenever the sea gets angry it transfers this anger into these Essences and our sacred duty is to harness this power." He seems to interrupt himself at this point as if he does not want to give you any more information. "But I as the embassador of our people have understood the righteous cause in your request and therefore allow you to take this essence here." He leans in a little bit and signals you to come closer. He starts to whisper in your ear: "Don't tell anybody I allowed this! If they find out I will be executed on sight. Do not try to take the other Water Essences that may be washed upon this ship by force because it will anger our people!" He leans back again and smiles at you. "Would it be a problem if I just stay here a little while longer? I am beginning to understand why your people build these ships to travel the ocean. I have to admit it is quite comfortable here."
  
  "Sure stay as long as you like! And thank you for your empathy!" You hesitate for a moment.
  
  "What is it? Do you need anything else from me?
  
  "Well I do actually. You have read the recipes haven't you? There is one more recipe. It requires a Crab Claw and I wondered since you are a crab maybe you can povide me with one?"
  
  "You want my claw? That's preposterous! That would be like me asking you to give me your hand! Never! You would have to kill me for that!"
	- 001.02.02.06.15.01 Water Essence Granted
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.06.A.01 Water Essence Granted]]
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.02.02.06.A.00003.07 Water Essence Granted]]
				- [[Help the wounded: Mr. Crabs gave you the water essence he was protecting on board the ship. Now you may have a chance to heal the wounded soldiers.]]
		- END DIALOGUE