- You approach the sphere and just as you kneel down to grab it you notice a deep rumbling sound originating from beneath the ship. Instinctively you take a couple of steps back. As you stumble backwards you are showered by a cloud of seawater and you hold your arm protectively in front of your face. Through your fingers you can make out a huge crab in the spray. With magical powers it leaps out of the ocean and lands with a loud crack on top of the deck in front of you. 
  
  "Step back human or I have you killed! Do not dare to touch this Essence! I, [[The King of Crabs]] command you to bow!"
- 1. Attack this monster!
	- 001.02.02.09.01.01 Attack the King
		- UPDATE Gameworld
			- SET ENCOUNTER
				- [[001.02.03.09 The Crabs]] to Hostile
		- #InspirationBarbarian
		- END DIALOGUE
- 2. "Why are you making such a big fuzz? Your ambassador gave up the essence he protected quite easily."
	- 001.02.02.09.01.02 Betray Mr. Crabs
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.09.A.02 Betray Mr. Crabs]]
		- UPDATE Gameworld
			- Move Mr. Crabs in the Encounter [[001.02.03.09 The Crabs]] AND
			- Move Mr. Crabs next to the player at the stern of the ship
		- #InspirationVillain
		- CHECK 01
			- CHECK GM JOURNAL
				- [[001.02.02.06.A.01 Water Essence Granted]] TRUE
					- To Vignette [[001.02.02.09.02 Mr. Crabs Judgement Day]]
		- CHECK 02
			- CHECK GM JOURNAL
				- [[001.02.02.06.A.02 Diplomacy Mr. Crabs stays]] TRUE
					- To Vignette [[001.02.02.09.04 Mr Crabs Diplomacy Justification]]
- 3. Take a step back and bow before the crab. "I merely wanted to have a look at it oh mighty crab."
	- 001.02.02.09.01.03 Keep Mr. Crabs a secret
		- To Vignette [[001.02.02.09.06 Keep Mr. Crabs a Secret]]