- "What did you say?" In a burst of anger the huge crab starts to shout angrily. "[[Mr. Crabs]] I summon you! Come to me! AT ONCE!"
  
  [[Mr. Crabs]] slowly approaches with a nervous look on his face. He stops right next to you.
  
  "This human here…" the king points with one claw towards you "…claims that you [[Mr. Crabs]] my most trustworthy Advisor, the Procurer of The Treaty of the Seven Oceans, Keeper of the Sea, and so forth has been conspiring behind my back and granting it access to an Essence of Water. What do you respond to these foul accusations?" 
  
  You can see the proud look of the king towards his ambassador. He is clearly very fond of him.
  
  "Well my king I have to admit the accusation is founded on the truth. But please your majesty hear me out and listen to the whole story."
  
  The look on the Kings' face is beginning to darken quite a bit. "Continue…" You can hear that the tone in his voice also changed to an impatient growl. [[Mr. Crabs]] clearly noticed that as well and you can feel that his confidence begins to fade.
  
  [[Mr. Crabs]] starts with a long speach about kindness and the honour that lies within charity. He fabulously connects these ideals with his story of how he showed you kindness when you needed help to heal your friends. He finishes with the sentence: "I hope you can see that I only gave up the sphere in the effort to further bolster our great nations reputation my king. I humbly beg your forgiveness and accept any punishment you may bestow upon me."
  
  During the whole speach you realize that the king never interrupted [[Mr. Crabs]] once. In contrary he seemed completely fascinated of [[Mr. Crabs]] and his honourable intentions.
  
  "Come, come [[Mr. Crabs]] I did not intend to punish you. This human only told me half the story. If I had known of your honourable intentions I would have reacted differently of course. Now to you human. You may keep this Essence that my advisor gave you. Consider it a gift to your people. But I remind you there is no way you can expect more than that even though your friends are in need of healing. It is our sacred duty to protect the Essence of the ocean and for my people it means as much as the life of your friends mean to you."
	- 1. This is not acceptable! Your friends are in need of the essence! Attack!
		- 001.02.02.09.02.01 Attack the Crabs
			- UPDATE Gameworld
				- SET ENCOUNTER
					- [[001.02.03.09 The Crabs]] to Hostile
			- #InspirationBarbarian
			- END DIALOGUE
	- 2. "Is there nothing I can do to gain your favour oh King of Crabs?"
		- 001.02.02.09.02.02 Favour for the Crabs
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.09.03 Favour for the Crabs]]