- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.01 Wuffy is hungry]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Wuffy is locked in the stern room of the lower deck and is very hungry. In order to feed him you have to open the door somehow.]]
- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.02 Wuffys meal poison]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Wuffy ordered a bunch of different stuff. Apparently he has an order in which he feasts. All you remember is that he wants a cup of tea first in order to calm down his stomach. Well a few drops of the poison that Mark told you to prepare should be enough to silence the dog once and for all.]]
- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.03 Dworis Trial]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: After telling Wuffy that Dwori has been imprisoned because you reported him, he attacked you. Dwori is imprisoned nextdoors and heard the rukkus. He raised some of the dead Paladins with his old necromantic powers to aid his dog in combat. You had to kill everyone in self defence. Only time will tell what happens to Dwori once you reach the capital.]]
- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.04 Deception failed]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Wuffy saw through your deception and knows that you tried to manipulate him in believing that Dwori is just resting nextdoors. As a result Wuffy attacked you. Dwori hearing the rukkus raised some of the dead Paladins with his old necromantic powers to aid his dog in combat. You had to kill everyone in self defence. Only time will tell what happens to Dwori once you reach the capital.]]
- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.05 Wuffy meal correct]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Wuffy finally got something to eat. He will join you in the battle against the Magisters.]]
- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.06 Wuffys meal order]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Wuffy is very happy that Master Dwori is fine. He is also very hungry and therefore asked you to prepare him his meal. He wants A cup of tea. A giblet steak with a mug of water. A poultry steak with a cup of milk. A cup of wine with cheese for dessert. Exactly this and also in that order]]
- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.07 Wuffys meal]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Apparently Wuffy is very picky when it comes to his food. He won't eat anything you gave him. Maybe you have to talk to his owner Dwori the cook.]]
- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.08 Wuffys meal]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: You obeyed Marks orders and poisoned Wuffy. Your mission is complete. You could not bear to hear Wuffys final words though.]]
- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.09 Wuffys dying wish]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: You obeyed Marks orders and poisoned Wuffy. With his final words Wuffy spoke of forgiveness and his love to Master Dwori. Maybe you should tell Dwori how his dog died in peace.]]
- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.10 Wuffys meal]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: You obeyed Marks orders and poisoned Wuffy. Your mission is complete. Dwori who was locked up nextdoors heard of his dogs struggle and you had to defend yourself from the undead Paladin corpses he raised to get his revenge.]]