- You spot the bag lying on the deck just a couple of feet away from the operating table completely stained in blood. You open the bag and look inside. There is an old book that is partly soaked in blood. You carefully take the book out of the bag trying not to destroy it completely as it is glued to the bag by all the dried blood. 
  
  You open the parchments with a crackling sound and there are all kinds of scribblings and formulas that make no sense. At least for your understanding they don't. You keep on turning the pages, looking for a clue and amidst all the besmirched pages there is one clear sentence written in the common tongue. 
  
  "Paper withstands the devouring nature of time. Combine it with the essence of life and water and you get the chance to save a life."
  
  "…the essence of life and water… what does that mean?" 
  
  You look into the bag as you think about the sentence when a weak glimmer from the bottom of the bag comes to your attention. You reach inside and grab after the light. You feel a small round sphere, cool to the touch. As your fingers embrace the sphere you feel it pulsating in your hands "bubuum, bubuum, bubuum,…" and a prickle runs up your forearm. Before you can even think straight you realize that you let go of the sphere and it already slipped back inside the bag. 
  
  You see it flicker one last time before it turns dark. With a crackling sound it turns into a slightly transparent misty stone. As you take the stone out of the bag and hold it against the light you recognize that you are holding a real diamond in your hands. Whatever research he stole you are pretty sure you just destroyed an important piece of it. "Well i think it is time to wake up the healer."
	- 001.02.02.03.19.01 Arandims' Bag
		- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.20 Wake up Sara Bag checked]]