- "Ah this is the reason why [[Wuffy]] can't communicate with Master [[Dwori]] anymore. You have his ring! Poor Master [[Dwori]]! But maybe it is best for him down here where the sun is not so intense. [[Wuffy]] also likes the shade down here. If only [[Wuffy]] had something to eat."
  
  "Concerning your appetite [[Wuffy]] what would you like to eat? Dwori gave me a huge list with all kinds of recipes." You show [[Wuffy]] the recipes [[Dwori]] gave you.
  
  "Hm… Wuff! Yes!" [[Wuffy]] reads the recipe you hold in front of him very carefully and sometimes even jumps back two or three paragraphs concerned he might have missed something. "Wuufff! Yes! Wuff! So at first [[Wuffy]] needs a [[Cup of Tea]] to calm down his stomach. After that a nice [[Giblet Steak]] just to get started and a [[Cup of Water]] to wash it down. Then Master Dworis' finest! A crunchy [[Poultry Steak]]! That goes best with a cup of [[Milk]]. Now last but not least a [[Cup of Wine]] with a fine slice of [[Cheese]] so that [[Wuffy]] can sleep quietly after such a good meal."
  
  "So just to get everything correct: A [[Cup of Tea]]. A [[Giblet Steak]] with a [[Cup of Water]] . A [[Poultry Steak]] with a cup of [[Milk]] . And a [[Cup of Wine]] with [[Cheese]] for dessert. Is that all correct?"
  
  "Wufff! Yes! Or do you think [[Wuffy]] should take the [[Cheese Bread]] as well?"
  
  "Well it is completely up to you [[Wuffy]]!"
  
  "Wuff!" [[Wuffy]] is pacing back and forth a bit thinking about this decision. "No [[Wuffy]] will not take the [[Cheese Bread]] for now! Sometimes [[Wuffy]] feels very sick when he eats both steaks and the cheese bread and then [[Wuffy]] has to throw up. No, no, no [[Wuffy]] does not want to throw up this time. So no [[Cheese Bread]]."
  
  "Perfect I will be right back with your order!"
	- 001.01.02.01.11.01 Wuffy believes deception
		- UPDATE GM Journal:
			- [[001.01.02.01.A.02 Wuffys meal poison]]
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal:
			- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.02 Wuffys meal poison]]
				- [[Wuffys meal: Wuffy ordered a bunch of different stuff. Apparently he has an order in which he feasts. All you remember is that he wants a cup of tea first in order to calm down his stomach. Well a few drops of the poison that Mark told you to prepare should be enough to silence the dog once and for all.]]
		- END Dialogue