- The Arrow: 
  The first thing you need for an arrow is a good Arrowhead. I always use a sharp piece of metal or a sharp rock for that. Just file it down with some kind of knife. Now comes the important thing!: In order to get a really good arrow you have to temper with the arrowhead before you attach the arrowhead to the arrowshaft. I myself found a couple of nice combinations:
  
  The Charm: Add honey to the Arrowhead and you can take over you enemies
  
  The Poisonous: If you have poison apply that to your arrowhead in combination with an earth essence. This arrow is best suited to poison your enemies once they are stripped of their magic armor. Or if you don't want to poison them you can still shred their magic armor by shooting them with one of these arrows.
  
  The Wet: To make your enemies wet, take a water essence and attach it to your arrowhead. Not only do your enemies get wet, they also receive water damage from your shot.
  
  Now to finish your arrow you just have to get some arrowshafts and apply the arrowheads to them. The good arrowshafts are made out of these nice short sticks. They don’t have to be perfectly straight as long as they are short sticks you are fine. It's obvious how to make them isn't it? Just take your knife and the short sticks or long branches or even whole logs and carve them down to nice arrowshafts. As a bonus you get wood chips from whittling down the branches to these straight arrowshafts. As far as I know Mara always likes these wood chips but I don't know why. If you find normal arrows you can combine them the same way you would combine Arrowheads to get the completely finished Arrow.