- "You think a peace treaty is what it takes so that I can finally get some sleep?" He pauses and you can see that he is trying to calculate every possibility with his tired mind. When he finally looks back to you, you can see in his glassy eyes that he did not find any better solutions. "If you could manage that for me and I can finally get some sleep without these pesky rats disturbing me every time with their snoring I would be most grateful!"
	- 1. [[001.01.02.02.11.01 Pers+Int 14]] "I am here for another reason. The captain needs one of your feathers. I am here to collect it."
		- 001.01.02.02.11.01 Deceive Mr. Shuhu
			- SKILL CHECK
				- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
					- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
						- #InspirationVillain
						- To Vignette [[001.01.02.02.12 Mr. Shuhu deceived]]
					- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
						- To Vignette [[001.01.02.02.13 Mr. Shuhu not deceived]]
	- 2. [[001.01.02.02.11.02 Dexterity 5+Smoke Grenade]] Now is the time to use your smoke grenade. Mr. Shuhu won't know what hit him.
		- 001.01.02.02.11.02 Smoke Grenade
			- Player throws his smoke grenade at Mr. Shuhu And
				- SKILL CHECK
					- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
						- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
							- TRANSFER ITEM
								- [[001.01.05.01 Mr. Shuhus Feather]] from Mr. Shuhus' Inventory TO
									- The Ground
							- To Vignette [[001.01.02.02.14 Mr. Shuhu Smoke success]]
						- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
							- #InspirationGM
							- To Vignette [[001.01.02.02.16 Smoke Bomb fail]]
- 001.01.02.02.11.03 Mr. Shuhu armistice
	- ALWAYS
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.01.02.02.A.00001.01 Negotiate peace for Mr. Shuhu]]
				- [[The Mighty War Owl: Mr. Shuhu asked you to negotiate a peace treaty with the rats so that he may finally rest in peace. If you manage to achieve this he would be most grateful.]]