- [[Mr. Crabs]] looks quite surprised as if he hasn't expected that you actually come back.
  
  "How wise of you to heed my warning! Because our people do not take the theft of a Water Essence lightly you know. We heard from our fellow neighbours far off near the coastline that they have to tolerate that kind of behaviour quite often but here in our kingdom it shall not come to pass!"
  
  You can tell by the look on his face that his attitude towards you has changed already. He seems to be more welcoming and is beginning to respect you.
  
  "Please tell me [[Mr. Crabs]]… What is a water Essence and why do you protect it with your life?"
  
  [[Mr. Crabs]] is mustering you. It seems he is trying to estimate how much he can trust you. "Well the Water Essence is something very sacred to my people. During a storm the ocean releases part of its energy and stores it inside of these Essences. We the crabs see it as our sacred duty to return this energy back to the ocean so that it fuses again with the sea." He pauses for a moment as if he fears that he already might have said to much. Then he continues. "Do you understand now that I can not give you the sphere?"
  
  You nod. "I am beginning to understand your actions now [[Mr. Crabs]]. But I have to remind you that the sphere was on board this ship when you tried to retrieve it. This ship belongs to my people so everything on board this ship may also be claimed by us. Now I acknowledge that this sphere is very important to you and if your explanation is true then you have a right to that sphere. But I have to remind you that you are still trespassing! So until I allow you to leave this ship with the sphere you are not permitted to leave this ship or throw the sphere overboard! Do I have your word as a diplomat that you do not try to flee?"
  
  As you speak [[Mr. Crabs]] eyes widen more and more. "Well, well, well… I see this ship is some kind of floating embassy. That is a neat little trick you pulled there. I will keep my honor as a diplomat. But let us put a limit to that imprisonement of mine shall we?"
  
  That is more than you hoped for! "Sure what do you have in mind?"
  
  "Let's say until tonight when the sun sets. If the situation has not changed until then and you are not able to further bolster your claim upon the Essence I shall be gone and take the essence with me."
	- 1. "Allright we have a deal!" Leave Mr. Crabs for now.
		- 001.02.02.06.14.01 Until tonight
			- [[001.02.02.06.A.00003.06 Help the wounded]]
				- [[Help the wounded: The Water Essence that Mr. Crabs is protecting might proof usefull to heal the wounded soldiers on board the ship. You have until tonight to proof to Mr. Crabs that you indeed need the Essence. Until then he will remain on the ship.]]
			- END DIALOGUE
	- 2. This deal is not acceptable. Kill the crab!
		- 001.02.02.06.14.02 PetPal Kill Mr.Crabs
			- UPDATE Gameworld
				- SET ENCOUNTER
				- [[001.02.03.06 Mr. Crabs]] to Hostile
			- #InspirationBarbarian
			- END DIALOGUE