- "Hey, wake up!" You adress her directly but there is no reaction and you gently grab her shoulder. "Wake up!" She slowly opens her eyes. "Ahh there you are! Welcome back!" 
  
  "Whaa... What happened?" A shiver runs through her body.
  
  "What's your name soldier?"
  
  "... [[Sara]] [[2nd Lieutenant]] of the [[First Legion]]. First Cohort. First century." She is clearly completely orientated. " But please tell me what happened?"
  
  "Well you passed out performing the operation..."
  
  " [[Arandim]]! Nooo..." She jumps up only to find a living breathing patient with a closed stomach in front of her. "Wait... You did that?" She turns her head to you and her eyes begin to widen. 
  
  "Ah well it was nothing really you already did most of the work by yourself."
  
  "Haha! Thank you so much!" She wraps her arms around you and you can feel tears of joy running down her cheeks. She loosens the grip around you and takes a step back to see your face. "I couldn't do it you know. You see [[Arandim]] is my friend. We went to the military academy together."
  
  "Is there anything you can tell me about his last words? "My live is inside my bag." Does that mean anything to you?"
  
  [[Sara]] takes a deep breath. "Well, before I started the operation he told me that he is part of a secret legion that operated behind enemy lines. I don't know when he joined them. It must have been some years after we finished our training. He told me about a completely new and secret discovery of the enemy. He did not understand the purpose of this discovery but he stole all the necessary documents in order to disrupt their research completely and set them back at least 10 years. When his pain became unbearable he started to hallucinate and babbled something about immortality."
  
  You are starting to put the pieces together. [[Arandim]] told you the last clue of his discovery. It must be in his bag like he said: "My life is inside the bag."
  
  "I would like to have a look at that bag."
  
  "Sure it is right there."
	- 001.02.02.03.18.01 Healer Friend
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.03.A.02 Friendship with Sara]]
		- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.06 Take Bag]]