- Pierres' attention drifts away after a couple of minutes and in an opportune moment you whisper "Django get me out of here!"
  
  Pierre looks at your direction but he must believe that you did not make the sound because he just says: "This goddamn ship! I'm on duty all the time, no booze after fights, but rats everywhere there are rats."
  
  Django must have heard you because he silently slips under Pierre's stool towards your cell. His big muscular shadow flickers in the candlelight as he struggles to squeeze his upper body through the iron bars of your cell.
  
  "You need my help, friend?" Django must remember that you helped him on board the Lady Vengeance.
  
  "Yes Django, indeed I am in need of your assistance. It would be most helpful if you could lure the guard into the next room over there and then open our cell by using the lever in front of it."
  
  "Nothing easier than that, watch me..." Django slips through the iron bars and scuttles towards Pierre unnoticed. The next thing you hear is a loud scream from Pierre.
  
  "Goddamn rat! He bit my leg! Come here I will kill you!"
  
  Pierre takes the key to the doctors laboritory and rushes off, closing the door behind him.
  
  A couple of moments later Django reappears, giggling maliciously. He operates the heavy lever with ease and the door unlocks with a loud click. You are free.
  
  "I think you will need further assistance if you want to get off this ship." Django seems to offer you his help.
  
  "We are glad that you are willing to help us Django but don't you have a family to take care of?"
  
  "They remained on the other ship. I hope they found a way off the ship after the magisters burned it. I couldn't do anything for them then, but maybe I can avenge them now. That's surely what they would want me to do!"
  
  "In that case we gladly accept your assistance."
- 001.05.02.01.17.01 Django revenge for family
	- UPDATE GAMEWORLD
		- SET ENCOUNTER [[001.05.03.02 Django]] to Ally
		- Django
			- Move Django into Without Encounter Folder AND
			- Set Django to Follow Party AND
			- Make Django a companion for a player