- "Hey I found something rather odd inside the bag." You show her the book and the stone and tell her the story how it has changed.
  
  "Hmm it pains me to say it but I think you broke it!" I think our last hope of getting him back is gone now.
  
  You nod. She has a point there.
  
  "Well I am just happy that we don't need that method thanks to your skills as a healer."
  
  She stops talking but you can feel that there is still something she wants to ask you. "Yes that is very fortunate indeed! Is there anything else I can do to help you?"
  
  [[Sara]] blushes a little then she looks straight in to your eyes. "I do not want to burden you with more tasks as you have already helped me so much. But maybe you could help me with my other patients as well?"
  
  "Sure [[Mark]] already told me how dire the situation is. I do whatever I can to help you."
  
  [[Sara]] exhales and you can clearly see how relieved she is. "Well there is [[Dwori]] Bitterdrought our cook. He was struck by a lightning spell directly into his face. I have no idea how he managed to survive that. After the battle he started to slowly loose his eyesight and now we can't rely on his cooking skills any longer. Now he is lying there next to the front mast blinded and completely terrified. Then there is [[John]] our [[1st Lieutenant]]. He fell ill shortly after the battle and everything I have tried did not work one bit. 
  
  I guess that the enemys' spells infected him with some sort of magical disease. And maybe you have seen the three women on the lower deck? They all suffered a terrible fate and I can't do anything for them as well. I guess the petrified lizard woman in the bow of the ship is a mage. If only she were to recover I think we could heal at least someone on board this ship. But I feel helpless without magic that I can not wield."
  
  "I see what I can do. Do you have any medicine left that could help me with my task?"
  
  "I have to admit that I looked everywhere on this ship for a solution and I found an old diary on the Lizard mage. The interesting part about it is that she apparently cured some of the illnesses we are dealing with right now. She has written these stories down but I am not able to recreate these spells. 
  
  Maybe you can try it? Here I have ripped out the two pages I found most interesting. One of them describes how to cure various diseases that might help John. The other page I ripped out is a story about how she got rid of her friends fear of exams so I thought maybe that can help Dwori."
  
  "You ripped these pages from her diary? Where is the rest of it?"
  
  "Well I found it on her when I was examining her. I put the book into the shelf next to her. One more thing I noticed was that there was already one page missing when I took it. It has been carefully removed. Ah and I found these two mushrooms on her maybe they are important somehow?"
  
  "Thank you [[Sara]] I will try to cure your comrades."
	- 001.02.02.03.23.01 Healer Friend
		- CHECK 01
			- Player CHECK STATUS
				- #beestings TRUE OR
				- #beestingshardcore TRUE
					- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.28 Sara Help Beestings]]
		- CHECK 02
			- Player CHECK STATUS
				- #beestings FALSE AND
				- #beestingshardcore FALSE
					- END DIALOGUE
- 001.02.02.03.23.02 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- TRANSFER ITEM
			- [[001.02.05.01 Culinary Advice on Crabs]] from Saras Inventory AND
			- [[001.02.05.01 Fortify Recipe]] from Saras Inventory AND
			- [[001.02.05.01 Bluegill Mushroom]] x2 from Saras Inventory TO
				- Player Inventory