- You enter the bow of the Ship and a grotesque scene unfolds before your eyes. Dimitry, or at least you think this creature must have been Dimitry, lies on the planks and two Meat-Lizards are ripping the flesh from his bones. Beneath Dimitrys' skull lies his cracked syringe and a strange liquid seems to penetrate his fleshless skull. Out of one of Dimitrys' jars that are attached to his belt are crawling some maggots that he must have kept there. They are slowly crawling towards an opening in his skull as if they had a clear goal. A couple of heartbeats later they gnaw themselves inside his brain. With a slurping sound they disappear and with a small flicker from the strange liquid beneath his skull Dimitrys' arm suddenly starts to twitch. Uncontrolled at first but after some attempts he forms an open hand that slams on the ground. The Meat-Lizards shy away from him and hide themselves in the corners behind the operating tables.
  
  Slowly but steadily Dimitry, or at least what is left of him, rises from the ground. The cold blue flickering in his skull intensifies. He opens his eyes and instead of eyeballs to cold blue flickering holes appear. You can see straight through the light inside his skull and make out the writhing maggots that engulf his brain tissue. His body is bend forward in an unnatural position. His coordination seems to be very poor. He lurks around, his fleshless skull dangling too far in front of his upper body, he is looking like a hunting reptile eager for prey.
  
  You flinch. The unbelievably grotesque scene made you let your guard down. Dimitrys' head flings around and he stares right at you. The Meat-Lizards all follow his gaze in perfect synchronisation as if he was there master. There is no way out of this, you have to fight them.
- 001.05.01.03.06.01 Dimitry Undead fight
	- SET ENCOUNTER
		- [[001.05.03.03 Dimitry]] to Hostile
	- Once the Player kills an Injected Meat Lizard the GM has to drag the corresponding Flesh-Mob to the location the Meat-Lizard died and activate it.
		- The Flesh-Mobs are located in [[001.05.01.04 The enemy Ship 1st Deck Breeding Chamber]]
		- The corresponding Flesh-Mobs are
			- Injected Meaty Meat-Lizard -> Bloated Meaty Meatbug Corpse
			- Injected Nimble Meat-Lizard -> Bloated Nimble Meatbug Corpse
			- Injected Strong Meat-Lizard -> Bloated Strong Meatbug Corpse
			- Injected Bloodthirsty Meat-Lizard -> Bloated Sleepy Meatbug Corpse (Rename him to "Bloated Bloodthirsty Meatbug Corpse" and give him 4 points in Necromancer)