- You open the screetching door to the rear of the ship and you can see a nice dinner table. There are a couple of display cases placed in convinient locations filled with all kinds of stuff. In a corner in the room next to a table with a small candle sits an elven woman completely frozen into a statue made out of pure ice. Even her bow seems to be transformed into an icicle. 
  
  The only difference between her and a statue is that she is breathing slowly and deeply. The air hisses through her lips in a rough tone and a small cloud of steam forms in front of her mouth as she exhales. A shiver runs down your spine. Is there no concious human on this ship? You glance to the stairs and from above and see a small shimmer of light through a wooden door. You breath in deeply. You can't wait to see daylight.
	- 1. Run for the stairway. Finally! Daylight!
		- 001.01.01.08.01 END Dialogue
			- END DIALOGUE
	- 2. [[001.01.01.08.02 Wis 10]] Carefully study every corner of the room. Take everything with you that is not nailed down.
		- 001.01.01.08.02 The Rear
			- SKILL CHECK
				- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
					- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
						- REWARD
							- The Player who made the Skill Check [[001.01.06.01 The Rear 200 Gold]]
						- END DIALOGUE
					- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
						- #InspirationGM
						- END DIALOGUE
	- 3. Try to talk to the woman.
		- 001.01.01.08.03 Eva first Talk
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.06.01 The first Talk]]
- 001.01.01.08.04 Heal Eva
	- IF Player heals Eva
		- To Vignette [[001.01.02.06.02 Heal Eva]]