- You start to rummage through his guts by yourself while the young doctor stands next to you completely paralyzed by the shocking events unfolding in front of her. You manage to find the bleeding and scream for help. The young doctor scared to death hands you a thread with shaking, blood dripping hands. Your first attempt to tie a knot around the artery fails and the thread just slips off. 
  
  Blood squirts all over your face and you feverishly try to grab the snapped artery again. This time you manage to tie a save knot which stops the bleeding. You take care of the other side of the vessel and take a deep breath. You feel a rush of pride and satisfaction and you turn your head proudly towards the doctor. She is standing at the head of the patient staring on the ocean somewhere in the distance. At first you don't understand but then you realize the chest of your patient is not moving at all.
  
  "He died once you managed to stop the bleeding." 
  
  Her voice sounds hollow as if she was speaking from far away.
  
  "His last words where: My bag. My life is inside the bag."
  
  She repeats his last words without showing any emotions. Her voice has taken a rough tone and she is still staring over the railing.
	- 1. "Well at least I managed to stop the bleeding..." Maybe a joke will help her lighten up a little bit.
		- 001.02.02.03.09.01 Healer Dispute
			- #InspirationJester
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.10 Death Joke 2]]
	- 2. "Well I managed to stop the bleeding. It was your incompetence that killed him!"
		- 001.02.02.03.09.02 Healer Dispute
			- #InspirationScholar
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.11 Dead Dispute]]
	- 3. Take a deep breath and take her hands in yours. "There was nothing we could do to save him!"
		- 001.02.02.03.09.03 Healer Friend
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.16 Compassionate]]