- [[001.02.02.01.A.00003.05 Help the wounded]]
	- [[Help the wounded: Mark asked you to help Sara treat the wounded soldiers on the ship.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00001.01 Investigate why Mr. Shuhu is so tired]]
	- [[The Mighty War Owl: Mark asked you to investigate why his war owl Mr. Shuhu is so tired.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00004.07 Rats on board]]
	- [[Everybody hates the rats: Mark asked you to deal with the rats. He does not care how you do it. He does not want any trouble with rats on board his ship.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00005.08 Exterminator]]
	- [[Exterminator: Mark suggests to deal with the bees with a poison cloud grenade. Normally John takes care of the bees but at the moment he is ill. Maybe he can provide the grenades at least.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00002.09 Wuffys meal]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Mark cannot believe what you are telling him about Dwori and his dog Wuffy. If it is true that Dwori feeds Wuffy that much and you can proof it to Mark he will have to punish Dwori for his treachery. There are already not enough food supplies on the ship and with Wuffy munching away the rest of them you could never make it back to the capital without restocking your supplies.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00006.10 Prepare yourself]]
	- [[Prepare yourself: Mark has spotted an enemy ship pursuing ours. At the moment the crew including yourself are not ready to fight. You must prepare yourself as best as possible for the upcoming fight. Mark gave you the key to his room which contains a chest with a handbook on how to survive behind enemy lines. Report back to Mark when you feel ready to fight and to discuss battle tactics.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00002.11 Wuffys meal]]
	- [[Wuffys Meal: Mark imprisoned Dwori for his betrayal. He wants you to end Wuffys life with the least amount of pain possible. He gave you a poison potion and wants you to add it to any kind of meal that Wuffy would normally eat.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00002.12 Wuffys meal]]
	- [[Wuffys Meal: Dwori deeply regrets his treason and will stand trial once you make it back to the capital. Mark wants you to end Wuffys life with the least amount of pain possible. He gave you a poison potion and wants you to add it to any kind of meal that Wuffy would normally eat.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00001.02 The Mighty War Owl]]
	- [[The Mighty War Owl: Mark is very happy about his war owl finally getting some sleep. Everyone has to be ready for the upcoming fight tomorrow.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00007.14 The Thief]]
	- [[The Thief: Mark wants to trick Akshan into taking the stolen goods only to arrest him afterwards. The crew will make it easy for you to pickpocket them.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00009.15 Third Legion]]
	- [[My Legion: Mark identified your Legion by inspecting the tatoo on your forearm. III.II.V means you were in the Third Legion, Second Cohort, Fifth Century. You have to investigate your past in the Legion once you reach the capital.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00010.16 Lord Mandir]]
	- [[Lord Mandir: Mark told you about the beginning of the war against Lord Mandir. What started off as a peaceful seperation of a couple of border counties close to Lord Mandirs city Arx turned into an all out war when he did not accept the outcome of an independence vote from the Empires vassals. Due to an economic crisis, caused by Lord Mandirs efforts to undermine the Empires trading deals with neighboring kingdoms, the Empire was brought to its knees before the war had even started. Soon the Magisters won battle after battle in a brutal war of attrition. After Legion X found out that the enemies were testing some kind of new drug which enhances their fighting force the war council decided to attack Arx. In a desperate attempt to capture Lord Mandir and to end the war the First, Second and Third Legion sailed to Arx for a final battle. But it was already too late. They wittnessed the unleashed power of the new drug first hand when they clashed against The Magisters. Even a surprise attack from Legion X, which blew their cover, could not save the day.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00001.03 The Mighty War Owl]]
	- [[The Mighty War Owl: Mark believed you when you told him that Mr. Shuhu died because the rats poisoned him.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00001.04 The Mighty War Owl]]
	- [[The Mighty War Owl: Mark did not believe you when you told him that Mr. Shuhu was poisoned by the rats. He investigated the death of his owl himself and killed every remaining rat on the lower decks.]]
- [[001.02.02.01.A.00001.19 The Mighty War Owl]]
	- [[The Mighty War Owl: When you told Mark that the rats killed Mr. Shuhu, he investigated the death of his owl himself and killed every rat on the lower decks.]]