- As soon as you open the door you are struck by the awfull stench of rotting flesh. Looking around that comes as no surprise as there are multiple corpses of big bugs piled up against the planks. Their lifeless claws follow the slow sway of the ship. They seem to be quite fresh cadavers though and they all seem to be cut open post-mortem for autopsy.
  
  Embedded in the bow of the ship is a huge piece of machinery from which a crackling sound of strong electricity originates. There are four pipes leading away from the pump. Each on of these pipes are strapped on one of these bugs that are tied down on the operating racks. They seem to be dormant and you figure the gas transported by the pipes keeps it that way.
  
  Next to one of the operating racks stands Dimitry. "Come now... my little darlings please don't die this time. I just have to get the correct dosage in the correct part of their frontal lobe like two weeks ago and they will be fine." While he is talking to himself he draws up a large syringe with a strange silvery liquid. It almost looks like liquid metal. He does not notice you at all as he seems to be extremely focused on his work.
- 1. Attack Dimitry. As far as you have seen he only injected three of the four meatbugs and if his experiment works in every case, which seems to be quite unlikely at this stage of the experiment, there are only a maximum of five opponents in total.
	- 001.05.01.03.01 Attack Dimitry
		- One Bug (Sleepy Meatbug) will always survive at this point because he is not yet injected. But he can't transform like the injected bugs upon death.
		- Will Dimitry's Bugs survive? GM has to roll a D20 for each of the three injected Bugs. Target: 12
			- SKILL CHECK
				- GM has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
					- IF GM rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
						- Bug survives and joins the fight
					- IF GM rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
						- Bug dies and can't join the fight. GM has to kill the Bug he rolled for.
		- IF one Bug survives
			- To Vignette [[001.05.01.03.01 One Bug joins the fight]]
		- IF two Bugs survive
			- To Vignette [[001.05.01.03.02 Two Bugs join the fight]]
		- IF three Bugs survive
			- To Vignette [[001.05.01.03.03 Three Bugs join the fight]]
- 2. Just sneak past by him and have a look around the ship. You still have to find the rest of your equipement before you feel ready to engage such a dangerous opponent. But who knows until then he might have injected and stabilized all the meatbugs and there will be more opponents.
	- 001.05.01.03.02 END Dialogue
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			-
		- END DIALOGUE
- 3. [THIEVERY 1]You spot a keychain dangling from Dimitry's belt. Try to pickpocket him.