- "Grrrrr… Wuff! Wuff! [[Wuffy]] does not like it when the human touches the dead. [[Wuffy]] can still hear their screams sometimes. Put everything back and don't touch them human!
  
  "You can hear their screams [[Wuffy]]? What do you mean? They are dead aren't they?"
  
  "Wuuuff! Sure they are dead but sometimes [[Wuffy]] can still hear them. It is mostly coming from that pile of body parts over there." [[Wuffy]] nods towards a pile of limbs amidst the bodies. You can't make out anything strange there and conclude that [[Wuffy]] must suffer psychologically under his imprisonement down here. With only the dead and a half living statue around to keep ones company anybody would go insane given enough time.
	- 1. [[001.01.02.01.24.01 Pers+Wis 16]] I am sorry Wuffy but I need to check the bodies for equipement that might help us to survive.
		- 001.01.02.01.24.01 Wuffy convince
			- SKILL CHECK
				- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
					- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
						- #InspirationSoldier
						- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.25 Convince Wuffy]]
					- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
						- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.26 Failed convince Wuffy]]
	- 2. "You are right Wuffy we should respect the dead I will put everything back and I won't touch them for now."
		- 001.01.02.01.24.02 Put Loot back
			- Player has to put everything back.
			- #InspirationHero
			- END DIALOGUE
	- 3. "I will search them Wuffy and you can't stop me!" Attack Wuffy before he attacks you.
		- 001.01.02.01.24.03 Wuffy Attacked
			- UPDATE Gameworld
				- SET ENDOUNTER
					- [[01.03.01 Wuffy]] to Hostile
			- #InspirationBarbarian
			- END DIALOGUE