- During your whole conversation [[Mark]] has always kept his eyes on you but suddenly his attention is cought by something else behind you, behind the ship.
  
  "Grab the wheel for me!"
  
  He just lets go of the steering wheel and you are able to catch it just in time before your course starts to deviate completely. You turn around in order to see what he must have seen but there is nothing except the huge thunderstorm you must have endured while you were knocked out in that room on the lower deck. [[Mark]] is leaning far over the railing. With his left hand he holds on to a rope while his other hand holds a small golden telescope to his right eye.
  
  "By the gods it can't be true!"
  
  He jumps back on the deck and takes over the steering wheel again.
  
  "What is it [[General]]? Are we in some kind of trouble?"
  
  "It would seem so. If my eyes do not fail me there is an enemy ship behind us trying to catch up to us. I think they are a bit faster then we are. If they want to fight they would have an advantage. Almost everyone on this ship is either badly wounded, a civilian or does not have any weapons to defend himself."
  
  You can see by the look on Marks face that he is calculating every possibility that he has. At first you notice that he is checking the sails. They are trimmed perfectly and the ship surely sails at top speed. Then he looks over the steering wheel to the deck below him. The healer seems busy with a patient on her operating table, one crewmember sits on a chair a bit to the side and is clearly in pain. On the portside of the ship there is a Lizard in fine clothes who does not seem to be part of the crew.
  
  "The soldiers below deck did not wake up yet right?"
  
  "I am afraid so!"
  
  [[Mark]] starts to muster you again. "I am afraid we don't stand a chance fighting them. Not if we can't heal and equip everybody on this ship. We have until tomorrow noon I would guess. That is when they will have cought up with us by my calculations. You will need weapons though and some kind of armor. Otherwise you will be throwing your life away and that would be a waste wouldn't you agree? Unfortunately we had to leave in such a hurry that we did not have the time to restock our supplies. I am afraid we don't have any weapons on this ship and the dead soldiers armours are shredded to bits. Speaking of low supplies, our [[Food]] stocks are also running low pretty quickly."
  
  [[Mark]] pauses and then suddenly starts to search his pockets.
  
  "Where did I put it? Ahh here!" He holds two keys in his hands. "That's the one to the stern room and ahh yes this one is for my room! I think [[Mr. Shuhu]] normally sleeps in there so it should not be too hard to find. In that room there is a chest with my personal belongings and among them there is a small book where I wrote down all the important things about survival behind enemy lines. I think there should also be a paragraph or two about crafting your own makeshift weapons and armor. Everything can be usefull once you are desperate. I once survived thanks to a sharp piece of metal and my trusty handkerchief. What I want to say is try to use anything you find, and with the help of my book I believe you will find enough materials on board to craft a full set of armor and weapons."
	- 1. "Thank you! I will try my best to prepare us for the upcoming battle."
		- 001.02.02.01.29.01 Prepare for the Fight
			- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
				- [[001.02.02.01.A.00006.10 Prepare yourself]]
					- [[Prepare yourself: Mark has spotted an enemy ship pursuing ours. At the moment the crew including yourself are not ready to fight. You must prepare yourself as best as possible for the upcoming fight. Mark gave you the key to his room which contains a chest with a handbook on how to survive behind enemy lines. Report back to Mark when you feel ready to fight and to discuss battle tactics.]]
			- TRANSFER ITEM
				- [[001.02.05.01 Key to the Captains Quarters]] from Marks' Inventory TO
					- Player Inventory
			- To Vignette [[001.02.01.10 Approaching Shaunella]]