- [[Dwori]] tries to focus you with his remaining but recently blinded eye and fails miserably. "He attacked you? Is he alive?" 
  
  "I am sorry [[Dwori]] but there was nothing I could do he would not let go of me! I had to kill him. I am so sorry."
  
  [[Dwori]] falls down on his knees. "First [[Mark]] and now you! [[Wuffy]] what has gotten into you?" Teardrops start rolling down his left cheek. You can tell that [[Dwori]] is completely destroyed by the news that his dog is dead. You kneel down to him and give him a friendly hug. He throws his muscular arms around you and cries even more heartbreaking. It takes him what seems to you like an eternity to get a grip of himself again. He blows his nose loudly into one of his handkerchiefs and sits down on his makeshift bed. "He was always such a good dog! I don't know why he was that aggressive since I came back from the battle but I think you might be right. Now he is dead and I will never have the chance to forgive him. Here take one of my handkerchiefs! You have halfed my sorrow and I am only in need of one. If I am to be healed from this terrible curse that has befallen me at that battle you can have my other one as well!  And I suppose I won't need this any time soon. [[Dwori]] hands you over a piece of parchment and with a quick glance you can see that there are multiple recipes for all kinds of different dishes and refreshments. "Maybe you can put them to better use… These were Wuffys favourite meals. He was the only one on board this ship who really appreaciated my skills as a cook."
  
  "Thank you [[Dwori]]! Maybe these can help us in the upcoming battle against our pursuers."
	- 001.02.02.05.19.01 Dwori convinced of Wuffys attack
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.13 Wuffy attacked convinced]]
				- [[Wuffys meal: You convinced Dwori that his dog Wuffy attacked you and that you had to kill him in self defence.]]
		- TRANSFER ITEM
			- [[001.02.05.01 Dworis 1st Handkerchief]] from Dworis Inventory AND
			- [[001.02.05.01 Dwori's Food Recipes for Wuffy]] from Dworis Inventory TO
				- Player Inventory
		- To Vignette [[001.02.02.05.05 Pursuit?]]