- During my service for Legion X I found myself countless times behind enemy lines. The one thing which kept me alive was that I was able to arm myself with only a handful of materials at my disposal. I always focused on light weapons that allowed me to keep an advantage over my enemies by being able to position myself better during the fight. I prefer to wield axes and swords. Wielding axes makes you move faster and allows you to hit your enemie's vital spots. Using swords allows you to adopt a more agile stance and therefore makes it easier to dodge your opponents attacks while still being able to hit their vital spots.
  
  For the two handed axe just take a long branch and attach one sharp rock at the tip. If you prefer a one handed axe just attach the sharp rock at the tip of a short stick. And just like that you are ready to chop your enemies to pieces.
  
  The one handed sword is my weapon of choice. You can either take a short stick and attach any dagger with some rope to the tip or if you have the tools you can take a hammer and find yourself an anvil and some metal scraps and get creative. I never managed to craft a two handed sword and never even tried because I was always fully content with the one handed version.
  
  I always prefered heavy armour to leather armour and that is why I tried to craft a heavy armour instead of a leather armour as the guide to survival behind enemy lines suggests. Although the heavy armor slows you down a bit it provides you with better protection against physical attacks. Just take some scale scraps or plate scraps, any hammer and find yourself an anvil and you are good to go.
- Detailed description of Buffs from Axes
	- Two-Handed
		- + 1 Movement
		- + 6% Critical Chance
- Detailed description of Buffs from Swords
	- Two-Handed
		- + 6% Critical Chance
		- + 10% Accuracy
	- One