- As you walk down the stairs leading to the main deck of the ship a horrible sight presents itself to you. In a matter of seconds you scan your surroundings with all your senses. The center of the ship is soaked in blood that pours out of the lifeless bodies lying on the side of the narrow corridor. The stench of iron contained within the blood burns in your nose. Closest to you is an operating table. On the table lies a young paladin. 
  
  He is not moving nor screaming in pain as the young doctor is searching hectically through his intestines to find the cause of the bleeding. Though he is not fighting against the pain now, he must have fought back because his hands and feet are tied to the table by iron shackles. The doctor is a young woman. She seems to be in her mid twenties. Her blonde hair is tied back thoroughly by her braid and a thin blue headband in such a way that it does not fall into her line of sight. Judging by her light cloth robe and the big staff on her back you reckon she is the healer on board the ship. She is so focused on her operation that she doesn't even notice you or the fact that her patient has stopped breathing.
  
  Your attention is drawn to the center of the ship. In a small secluded area next to the main mast you notice a young man cowering on a chair, holding his belly, shivering and whimpering in agony. A stench of death and rotting flesh is coming from his direction. He is clearly haunted by some kind of strange disease. 
  
  Your eyes dart towards the bow of the ship along the corpses where you suddenly see a small muscular creature lying on one of the makeshift beds for the wounded and dead. You did not notice him before because of his reduced size. In contrary to all the other patients lying there he is still moving and has his hands folded above his stomach. He quietly weeps and from time to time his head lifts and you hear a whimper escaping his mouth. 
  
  You tear your gaze off of him and inspect the port side of the ship. On the port side of the ship is a small balkony styled part of the ship where two heavy crossbows are mounted. Towards the bow of the ship on this balkony there is a pretty big crab. You wonder how it came on board the ship and why it is still here when it could just slip back into the ocean. 
  
  At the bottom of the stairs on the port side of the ship stands a male lizard wrapped in fine clothes made out of red and white silk. You can make out the sparkle of an occasional golden brooch here and there. His light blue-greenish skin marks him as one of the tribes from the tropical forests of their domain. By the look of it he must be some kind of merchant.
	- 1. [[001.02.01.03.01 Int 16]] You decide to aid the healer. Maybe you can still save the wounded warrior on her operating table.
		- SKILL CHECK
			- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
				- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
					- Make Arandim a companion for a Player
					- #InspirationScholar
						- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.02 Help Int high]]
				- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
					- #InspirationGM
					- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.01 Help Int low]]
	- 2. The fate of the warrior on the operating table is sealed. Leave him to the mercy of the gods.
		- UPDATE Gameworld
			- Make Arandim a companion for a Player
			- Kill Arandim
		- IF Player wants to talk to Sara again
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.27 No Help Arandim dies]]
		- END DIALOGUE