- You slowly step outside into the storm. Rain pours down and you are soaked within seconds. You quickly get a grip of the situation. The whole upper deck is completey infested with Meatbug eggs that might hatch any moment now. On the lookout farther away from your current position are a couple of undead magisters ready to rain down destruction and death upon you. At the steering wheel a whole infestation of undead Magisters, already hatched Meatbugs and Meatbug eggs has taken up position and is ready to fight you. At the bow of the ship a couple of undead rotten corpses and more Meatbug eggs await your arrival. Next to you on top of the lookout a couple of Magisters that are very much alive at this current point in time seem to hide from the monstrous creatures below them. Once they notice you they start to signal you and try to convey a message. They seem to signal you that they want to leave the ship and that they will have your back. You should just point out the targets for them and they will obey your orders.
	- 001.05.01.11.01.01 The fight
		- Take control of the NPCs of Encounter [[001.05.03.16 Top Deck Frightened Magisters]] and enter sneak mode with them
		- SET ENCOUNTER
			- [[001.05.03.15 Top Deck Encounter]] to Hostile
			- [[001.05.03.16 Top Deck Frightened Magisters]] to Ally
		- The players may sneak around freely and order the Magisters around as they want. The GM will play their turns.
	- Once the fight is over
		- CHECK 01
			- IF there is still at least one of the Magisters from Encounter [[001.05.03.16 Top Deck Frightened Magisters]] alive
				- To Vignette 001.05.01.11.04 Magister alive
		- CHECK 02
			- IF there is no Magister from the Encounter [[001.05.03.16 Top Deck Frightened Magisters]] alive
				- To Vignette 001.05.01.11.05 AllMagister alive