- [[Wuffy]] looks at you surprised and doesn't seem to understand the question.
  
  "Wuuuuf? Human doesn't know where he is?"
  
  Then suddenly he seems to understand and a compassionate look on his face appears.
  
  "Wuff! Wuff! [[Wuffy]] understands know. Human must have lost his memories when he had suffered his injuries in that stupid battle. Just like Master [[Dwori]]! Well not exactly in the same way... Master [[Dwori]] has been blinded. Wuuufff! All because of that stupid [[Mark]]. He forced you to go to that stupid battle just like my dear Master [[Dwori]]! Why do humans hurt each other all the time? [[Wuffy]] doesn't understand." 
  
  "What [[Wuffy]] understands is that if someone were to hurt Master [[Dwori]] he would bite him, even kill him, but he would never start such a horrible battle where so many people have to die. If everyone of these dead humans had a dog that is now as unhappy as [[Wuffy]] then [[Wuffy]] hates battles. [[Wuffy]] just wants to go to Master [[Dwori]] so that he may pet [[Wuffy]]. Maybe Master [[Dwori]] gives [[Wuffy]] something to eat as well. Can you let [[Wuffy]] out human so [[Wuffy]] can go to Master [[Dwori]]?"
	- 1. Wuuufff! Who is Mark? What battle are you talking about exactly?
		- 001.01.02.01.05.01 Wuffy closed door Mark? 4
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.07 Wuffy closed door Mark?]]
	- 2. Wuuufff! Why Wuffy sad?
		- 001.01.02.01.05.02 Wuffy closed door Wuffy sad 4
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.02 Wuffy closed door Wuffy sad]]
	- 3. Wuuufff! Why Wuffy starving?
		- 001.01.02.01.05.03 Wuffy closed door Wuffy starving 4
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.03 Wuffy closed door starving]]
	- 4. Wuuufff! Who is with you in that room?
		- 001.01.02.01.05.04Wuffy closed door Who? 5
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.06 Wuffy closed door Who?]]
	- 5. Wuuufff! I don't have the keys! I can't let Wuffy out. I'm sorry! Where are the keys?
		- 001.01.02.01.05.05 Wuffy closed door Wuffy no keys 4
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.01.04 Wuffy closed door no keys]]
- 001.01.02.01.05.06 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- IF Player wants to End Dialogue
			- END DIALOGUE