- "It is me again [[Wuffy]]! I have everything you asked for!" You start to place down all the various dishes and drinks that [[Wuffy]] asked for and watch him how he happily munches the food with a wagging tail. After he is finished with the the main course he slowly slurps the wine you squeezed out of the fresh grapes and starts nibbeling on the cheese. He gives you a lavishing look and lays down. 
  
  "Wuuff! Thank you so much human it was delicious! Can [[Wuffy]] somehow help you in return? [[Wuffy]] has many qualities apart from having a big stomach you know."
  
  "Well I don't know but there is this ship following us with all these bad people that hurt Master [[Dwori]] in this stupid battle."
  
  "Wuu…fffff!" [[Wuffy]] almost could not swallow his last sip of wine and with a couple of… "Wuff. Wuff. Wuff." …he swallows down. "What did you say? These bad people follow us? Do they want to hurt Master [[Dwori]] again?" [[Wuffy]] got up again and his paws are shaking with anger.
  
  "Most likely [[Wuffy]]! I think they want to hurt us all!"
  
  "Wuff! Then it is settled [[Wuffy]] will fight alongside Master [[Dwori]] and the nice friendly human who can almost cook as good as Master [[Dwori]]!"
- 001.01.02.01.21.01 Feeding Wuffy
	- UPDATE GM Journal
		- [[001.01.02.01.A.05 Wuffy meal correct]]
	- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
		- [[001.01.02.01.A.00002.05 Wuffy meal correct]]
			- [[Wuffys meal: Wuffy finally got something to eat. He will join you in the battle against the Magisters.]]
	- UPDATE Gameworld
		- SET ENCOUNTER
			- [[001.01.03.01 Wuffy]] to Deactivated
		- FOLLOW PARTY
			- [[Wuffy]]
	- REWARD
		- Every Player [[001.01.06.02 Feeding Wuffy 80XP]]