- John's Beginner Grenade Recipes:
  In order to get rid of the bees on the lower deck I had a pretty ingenious idea. It all started with the chicken coop the General had installed a couple of weeks ago. The chickens actually fought so hard for their eggs that eventually we always forgot at least one egg in the thick of the battle over who gets to keep them. They started to rot pretty fast in the sun. As you can imagine that stinks pretty damn awful. Now what I did is I waited until the stench was unbearable then I would take the rotten eggs, put them inside an empty canister and there you have the solution. A perfectly functional Poison Cloud Grenade that almost reminded me of the Chemical Warfare Grenades we were instructed about at the academy. These Poison Cloud Grenades work wonders on those bees and you have to be carefull not to inhale the stuff yourself. I can imagine that it can even poison a human after all.
  
  Grenades are not only a good way to get rid of bees, but also to fight of a bunch of enemies when you are out of options. Here are some simple recipes I have grown very fond of over the years. These grenades give me the opportunity to temper with the battlefield in certain ways I would normally as a non magic fighter not be able to.
  
  With the Oil Flask I can slow down enemies so they can't reach me or my comrades that fast. Just take an empty flask and fill it up with any oil you can find.
  
  The same procedure can be used to create flasks of poison. Just fill the flask with any kind of poison.
  
  On the other hand if you want to make your enemies wet so that your allied mage can freeze or stun them easier just take some intestines and fill them up with water.
  
  There is one last grenade that is really usefull. It comes in especially handy if you want to deal with the captains owl Mr. Shuhu. The bird is so angry all the time that you can't even get something out of the captains room. So I use a smoke grenade against him. It covers the area where you throw it in thick smoke. I throw it at Mr. Shuhu with a quick fling so that he can't see me. He usually doesn't know what hit him. I could imagine the grenade to be really usefull in battle to break the enemies archers line of sight. So here is how to make one. Just go to a campfire and place three piles of wood chips on it and catch the smoke in an empty canister.