- For a short moment a compassionate look flashes over the officers face just to return back to normal in a moments notice.
  
  "I understand! We have lost everything on that day! Some were lucky and survived but still had to pay their prize. I assume you have seen the maimed survivers on the lower deck? They suffered a terrible fate." He pauses for a moment and you can tell by the look on his face that the fate his soldiers had to endure makes him suffer in a way you can't yet completely understand.
  
  "But where are my manners, not introducing myself. My name is [[Mark]] I am [[General]] of the [[First Legion]]. You can't remember anything you say? Maybe it's better that way."
  
  You feel his eyes mustering you from head to toe. He stops at your forearm and extends his free hand to grab your arm. He turns it in order to see the number that is tatooed there. 
  
  "III.II.V!" he reads the numbers out loud and looks straight into your eyes. As you do not react at all he lets go of your arm and sighs: "Dear lord they got you good. You can't even remember that your legion is tattooed on your forearm? It means you were in the [[Third Legion]]. Second cohort. Fifth Century. As far as I know you suffered heavy casualties holding the frontline. The last bastion of hope. I thought [[Third Legion]] was completely wiped out... you are lucky to be alive!"
	- 1. "Yes it seems I am one of the lucky ones. But why and against whom exactly was I fighting again?"
		- 001.02.02.01.01.01 Against who?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.09  who? Bees alive no wuffy]]
	- 2. Ask him about the dog.
		- 001.02.02.01.01.02 The Dog?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.10 The Dog? Bees alive no wuffy]]
	- 3. Ask him about the owl.
		- 001.02.02.01.01.03 The Owl?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.11 The Owl? Bees alive no wuffy]]
	- 4. Tell him about the rats on the lower deck.
		- 001.02.02.01.01.04 The Rats?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.12 The Rats? Bees alive no wuffy]]
	- 5. Tell him that there are bees on the lower deck and you think that we should get rid of them.
		- 001.02.02.01.01.05 Bees?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.13 Bees? Bees alive no wuffy]]
- 001.02.02.01.01.06 Always
	- ALWAYS
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.02.02.01.A.00009.15 Third Legion]]
				- [[My Legion: Mark identified your Legion by inspecting the tatoo on your forearm. III.II.V means you were in the Third Legion, Second Cohort, Fifth Century. You have to investigate your past in the Legion once you reach the capital.]]
		- IF Player wants to End Dialogue
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.01.29 Mark sees the enemy]]