- "Hey I found something rather odd inside the bag." You show her the book and the glowing sphere inside the bag.
  
  Saras' eyes widen as she reads the sentence in the book over and over again. "What does that mean "...you get the chance to save a life..."?"
  
  "Well I think it is exactly as the sentence states. You may save someones life with that recipe."
  
  [[Sara]] looks up from the book and to you, then to [[Arandim]] who is lying there dead on the operating table. Her eyes return to the book and the cycle repeats. All of a sudden she stammers:  "Buu..But he is dead! Is he not?" Her words are only a whisper and her question fades in the wind.
  
  You nod. She has a point there. "But I think that's the discovery they made!"
  
  "That would be crazy!"
  
  "I think it's worth investigating [[Sara]]!"
  
  "Yes sure it is. But maybe we should focus on saving the other patients I have first!"
  
  "What other Patients?"
  
  "Look around you! There is [[Dwori]] Bitterdrought our cook. He was struck by a lightning spell directly into his face. I have no idea how he managed to survive that. After the battle he started to slowly loose his eyesight and now we can't rely on his cooking skills any longer. Now he is lying there next to the front mast blinded and completely terrified. Then there is [[John]] our [[1st Lieutenant]]. He fell ill shortly after the battle and everything I have tried did not work one bit. I guess that the enemys' spells infected him with some sort of magical disease. And maybe you have seen the three women on the lower deck? 
  
  They all suffered a terrible fate and I can't do anything for them as well. I guess the petrified lizard woman in the bow of the ship is a mage. If only she were to recover I think we could heal at least someone on board this ship. At least I found this diary of hers. If I could only find out how she managed to perform these magic spells that she is writing about I could heal at least some of the crew."
  
  "Let me have a look will you?"
  
  "Sure why not here are the two pages I ripped from her diary and the two mushrooms I found on her when I examined her."
- 001.02.02.03.24.01 Healer Dispute
	- TRANSFER ITEM
		- [[001.02.05.01 Culinary Advice on Crabs]] from Saras Inventory AND
		- [[001.02.05.01 Fortify Recipe]] from Saras Inventory AND
		- [[001.02.05.01 Bluegill Mushroom]] x2 from Saras Inventory TO
			- Player Inventory
	- END DIALOGUE