- [[Django]] gives you a long unflinching stare and you feel his eyes mustering you. 
  
  "Well as I said this Owl is the devil himself. You have to know my wife here is devestated. We came on board this ship with 12 younglings, babies still, now all we have is two of them. The rest are roasted by the fire magic of that owl and in the belly of that feathery beast. Or so I guess at least. I do wonder where my two oldest are though. 
  
  I sent them on a stealth mission to the upper deck and they still have not returned… I bet it is that damn owl again. When I get my hands on that beast I swear I am going to kill it! But the problem is it can fly and spit some kind of fire so I'm no match for him even though I possess the strength of ten oxes." 
  
  He flexes his right arm and you are completely blown away as his biceps almost rips the sleeve of his tight shirt. [[Django]] recognizes your staggered face with satisfaction and relaxes as much as it is possible for a beast like him. He gives you a mischievous grin and continues: "But for now I fortunately found another way of dealing with the monster." 
  
  After finishing his sentence he remains perfectly still for one second listening into the darkness. You can also hear that the constant "Shuhus" have just stopped and are replaced by a "Shurrruuu" snoring sound. [[Django]] gives a signal to [[Grandpa Rat]] with a fast movement of his muscular arm. 
  
  What follows is a unbearably loud snoring sound from [[Grandpa Rat]]. "Snoooorrrreeee" In fact it is so loud and irritating that you have to stick your fingers into your ears. The "Shur..." is interrupted and you can hear an angry pair of wings flattering and a loud "Shuhuuuuu!!!!"
  
  "Hehehehe" the whole rat family is laughing, [[Grandpa Rat]] holds his belly, [[Grandma Rat]] supported by her small crutch almost slumps down on the planks because of joy, [[Mama Rat]] giggles and the two babies are rolling around in the corn amusing themselves. 
  
  [[Django]] gets a hold of himself and continues speaking shedding tears of  joy "That's what I am talking about grandpa! Nice work. Now where were we? Ah yes the owl... well you saw for yourself how we deal with those who dare to challenge us. I make sure that this owl does not get a moment's peace. Thats the least I can do to avenge my babies."
	- 1. [[001.01.02.03.02.01 Pers+Con 16]] Try to talk some sense into Django and persuade him to leave the owl alone.
		- 001.01.02.03.02.01 Talk some sense
			- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
				- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
					- #InspirationSoldier
					- To Vignette [[001.01.02.03.08 Leave Mr. Shuhu alone]]
				- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
					- #InspirationGM
					- To Vignette [[001.01.02.03.03 Rats No Mr. Shuhu]]
	- 2. Side with the rats on this one. Even though you don't know the owl Django has persuaded you this bird is evil!
		- 001.01.02.03.02.02 Rats side with them
			- #InspirationOutlaw
			- To Vignette [[001.01.02.03.04 Rats side with them]]
	- 3. You are not getting involved in this feud! At least for now. Bid the rats farewell.
		- 001.01.02.03.02.03 END Dialogue
			- END Dialogue
- 001.01.02.03.02.04 Always
- ALWAYS
	- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
		- [[001.01.02.03.A.00001.03 Rats disturb Mr. Shuhu]]
			- [[The Mighty War Owl: The rats are the reason for the tired state Mr. Shuhu currently finds himself in.]]