- You slowly walk away from [[Akshan]] and when you are sure he can't see you any more you give [[Mark]] the signal to arrest him. [[Mark]] waits a couple of moments. You presume he wants to make sure [[Akshan]] didn't notice anything.
  
  "[[Sara]]! Can you take the wheel for a while I have to check the rigging." With that he slowly decends the stairs on the port side where [[Akshan]] stands. With incredible speed that you did not thought possible for a man of his size and stature [[Mark]] grabs [[Akshan]] and wrestles him down. He locks him in one spot by holding one of his arms behind his back and searches him for the rings. "Aha. Here we go. You thiefing bastard [[Akshan]]."
  
  [[Akshan]] winces and starts begging. "Pleassse! I did not mean to harm you! This new guy sold me the rings!"
  
  "[[Akshan]]! He was working with us the whole time. There is no point in denying anything!"
  
  [[Akshan]] stops talking and looks at you with searing hatred in his eyes. [[Mark]] just blinks at you and takes [[Akshan]] to the lower decks. A few moments pass before he comes back to you.
  
  "You have done well! [[Akshan]] is arrested and I think you have earned yourself a reward for your honesty."
	- 001.02.02.07.06.01 Akshan imprisoned
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.07.A.07 Akshan imprisoned]]
		- UPDATE Player Quest Journal
			- [[001.02.02.07.A.00007.04 The Thief]]
				- [[The Thief: Akshan took the bait and fell right into your trap. Mark imprisoned him on the lower deck.]]
		- UPDATE Gameworld
			- Disable Akshan
			- FOLLOW PARTY
				- Akshan TRUE
			- Move Akshan to [[001.01.01.01 Starting Cabin]] IN LEVEL
				- [[001.01 Prologue Lower Deck]]
			- SET INGAME STATUS
				- Akshan
					- Tied for -1 Turns
					- Knocked Down for -1 Turns
			- Lock Door (GM) to [[001.01.01.01 Starting Cabin]] IN LEVEL
				- [[001.01 Prologue Lower Deck]]
		- REWARD
			- Player
				- [[001.02.06.01 Akshan imprisoned 50XP]]
				- TRANSFER ITEM
					- [[001.02.06.01 Akshan imprisoned Whisperwood]] x1 from Akshans Inventory TO
						- Player Inventory
					- [[001.02.06.01 Akshan imprisoned 50 Gold (Total 300 Gold)]] from Marks Inventory TO
						- Player Inventory
		- #InspirationHero
		- END DIALOGUE