- As you open up the door with a shrieking noise you are hit with an almost unbearable stench of alcohol and moldy paper. A quick look around the room gives you hundreds of reasons why that is the case. Jars with all kinds of creatures and parts of them stenched in alcoholic liquids are carefully stored in the cabinets. Not to mention the bloodsoaked cadaver of a strange creature lying on the grating in the middle of the room. It has been carefully disected and especially the brain is visible in all its details. On the desk handwritten notes and letters pile up and are proof of the unquenchable thirst for knowledge of the individual living in these quarters.
- 1. [[001.05.01.02.01 Con 15]] Despite the unbearable stench you decide to have a look around and search through the belongings of whomever lives here. By doing that you might risk getting intoxicated.
	- 001.05.01.02.01 Look around get intoxicated
		- SKILL CHECK
			- Player has to roll a D20 and add the specified Modifier
				- IF Player rolls higher or equal than the required threshold THEN
					- #InspirationBarbarian
					- To Vignette [[001.05.01.02.02 The Doctor's Laboratory not intoxicated]]
				- IF Player rolls lower than the required threshold THEN
					- UPDATE Character
						- Player GAINSTATUS
							- #intoxicated
						- Tell the player about the change you had to make to his stats.
					- #InspirationGM
					- To Vignette [[001.05.01.02.01 The Doctor's Laboratory intoxicated]]
- 2. You decide to leave this room immediately. No point in suffocating in this hellhole.
	- 001.05.01.02.02 Leave the room
		- The Players have to cross the room without touching anything and close the doors behind them. If they want they can come back any time and choose to search the room, risking to get intoxicated.