- At first she fights back unwilling to accept the death of her patient. Her hectic movement slows down, then she sighs and gives up. It's the first time she directly looks you in the eyes. 
  
  "You are right! It's over!"
  
  She takes a deep breath and sighs.
  
  "I am [[Sara]], the healer on board of this ship. But I am still in training and haven't even finished the academy yet. I signed up for this mission in order to save our kingdom, our freedom, our home and now I am here, on board of this ship after a lost battle. I have failed our wounded warriors as a healer and therefore as a comrade. I am not yet worthy to fight for our cause. You witnessed my incompetence that even demanded the live of my good old friend [[Arandim]]. 
  
  I knew him from the academy. He was two years ahead of me and an inspiration to the whole school. He even made it into a special legion operating behind enemy lines. Well now he is dead and his friends on the lower deck are enchanted by magical spells that I cannot break. I think it would be best if we respect his last wish and you take a look at this bag of him. He was always completely rational in every decision he made. Who knows maybe even his last wish serves a purpose."
  
  You nod but you doubt that the last wish of a suffocating man is made completely rational. 
  
  "We will see. Where is his bag?"
	- 001.02.02.03.16.01 Healer Friend
		- UPDATE GM JOURNAL
			- [[001.02.02.03.A.02 Friendship with Sara]]
		- To Vignette [[001.02.02.03.06 Take Bag]]