- The players may position the ooze barrels wherever they want on their ship and they may ping the GM where they want him to spread poison and water around their deck. If they have any other surface manipulating spells they may tell the GM which of these surfaces they want him to create additionally to water and poison surfaces. The players may position and manipulate any objects located in their inventory or located on their ship freely on their deck.
	- 001.04.01.01.01 The battle Begins
		- When the players are ready:
			- SET ENCOUNTER
				- [[001.04.03.01 Magister Crew]] to Hostile
			- To Vignette [[001.04.02.01 Clover get boarded]]
	- 001.04.01.01.02 The battle ends
		- IF the players won the battle
			- To Vignette [[001.06.01.01 The Mess Hall]]
		- IF the players are all dead and Mark is dead
			- UPDATE GM Journal
				- [[001.03.01.01.A.01 Lost the Ship Battle]]
			- To Vignette [[001.05.01.01 The enemy Ship 1st Deck Prison Cell]]
		- ALWAYS
			- UPDATE GAMEWORLD
				- Mark
					- Release Mark as a companion for a player AND
					- Set Mark to Stop Follow Party
				- John
					- Release John as a companion for a player AND
					- Set John to Stop Follow Party
				- Sara
					- Release Sara as a companion for a player AND
					- Set Sara to Stop Follow Party
				- Wuffy
					- Release Wuffy as a companion for a player AND
					- Set Wuffy to Stop Follow Party
				- Mara
					- Release Mara as a companion for a player AND
					- Set Mara to Stop Follow Party
				- Scarlett
					- Release Scarlett as a companion for a player AND
					- Set Scarlett to Stop Follow Party
				- Eva
					- Release Eva as a companion for a player AND
					- Set Eva to Stop Follow Party
				- Dwori
					- Release Dwori as a companion for a player AND
					- Set Dwori to Stop Follow Party
				- Django, Mr. Rooster, Mr. Crabs and Shaun
					- The player may decide who of the four they want to take with them to the lower deck. They may choose up to two.
					- If they wish to take none:
						- Release Django, Mr. Rooster, Mr. Crabs and Shaun as a companion for a player AND
						- Set Django, Mr. Rooster, Mr. Crabs and Shaun to Stop Follow Party