- "Bwaaak! If I didn't know better I would call you a thief! Bwak! What do you say [[Daisy]]? Does he look like a Bwaaak thief to you Bwak?"
  
  "Bwaaak! Well [[Henrietta]] Bwak he sure has something thiefish about him Bwaaak!"
  
  "What is all that fuzz about?" A deep voice rumbles out of the chicken coop and a mighty chicken claw with a golden ring reaches out of the small entrance as if the creature it belongs to just woke up and had to stretch its limbs."
  
  "Bwaaak! Well now you have a problem! Bwaaak!" 
  
  [[Daisy]] who seems to be the younger hen of the two is jumping from one claw on the other in total excitement! 
  
  "Bwak! You woke up [[Mr. Rooster]] ! Bwak! The mightiest rooster of them all Bwak!"
  
  "Hush now [[Daisy]] ! Bwak! You don't want to provoke [[Mr. Rooster]] to fight this poor little creature over there do you? Bwak [[Mr. Rooster]] would tear him apart and then we would have another corpse onboard this ship."
	- 1. You won't be intimidated by a couple of chickens attack them!
		- 001.02.02.02.02.01 Fight the chickens
			- SET ENCOUNTER
				- [[001.02.03.01 Paladin Crew]] to Deactived
				- [[001.02.03.02 The Chickens]] to Activated AND Hostile
				- [[001.02.03.06 Mr. Crabs]] to Deactived
				- [[001.02.03.08 Shaun]] to Deactived
				- [[001.02.03.09 The Crabs]] to Deactived
			- #InspirationBarbarian
			- END DIALOGUE
	- 2. Why is Mr. Rooster the mightiest rooster of them all?
		- 001.02.02.02.02.02 Mighty?
			- To Vignette [[001.02.02.02.03 Rooster entrance]]
	- 3. Leave these crazy chickens with their psychological issues to themselves.
		- 001.02.02.02.02.03 Leave the chickens
			- END DIALOGUE