- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.05 Wuffys meal]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: You agreed to feed Dworis dog Wuffy on the lower decks. The task appears to be more complicated than you thought because apparently Wuffy is quite the gourmet. You are to ask Wuffy what he wants to eat with the power of the magical ring that Dwori gave you.]]
- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.06 Wuffys meal]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Dwori has been feeding Wuffy far too much. His recipes prove that he is stealing food from the crew so his dog may dine on the finest specialities he can possibly serve. You told him that you are going to report him to Mark.]]
- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.07 Wuffys meal]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Dwori has been feeding Wuffy far too much. His recipes prove that he is stealing food from the crew so his dog may dine on the finest specialities he can possibly serve. You did not tell him directly that you are going to report him to Mark. By keeping it secret you hope that he might get a chance to redeem himself by confessing his crime when Mark confronts him.]]
- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.08 Wuffys meal]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Dwori is very happy that Wuffy has been fed a decent meal. He can't wait to be reunited with his dog again.]]
- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.09 Wuffys meal too much]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: You told Dwori that you can't feed Wuffy at the moment because you are already running low on supplies and Wuffys demands are quite outrageous.]]
- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.10 Wuffy not dead]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Dwori is quite angry that you almost killed Wuffy because there is not enough food on board the ship to meet Wuffys outrageous demands.]]
- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.11 Wuffy killed duel]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Dwori is very angry that you killed his dog Wuffy and challenges you to a duel to the death on the lower decks.]]
- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.12 Wuffy dead Dwori sad]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Upon hearing Wuffys last wish Dwori was heartbroken. He decided to leave the army if he reaches the capital alive.]]
- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.13 Wuffy attacked convinced]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: You convinced Dwori that his dog Wuffy attacked you and that you had to kill him in self defence.]]
- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.14 Wuffy attacked not convinced]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: You did not manage to convince Dwori that his dog Wuffy attacked you and that you had to kill him in self defence. He is completely heartbroken and there is no telling what he might do if you visit Wuffys cell on the lower decks.]]
- [[001.02.02.05.A.00002.15 The Truth Wuffys death]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: You told Dwori the truth about the reason you had to kill Wuffy. Wuffy died defending the fallen soldiers. Although Dwori is very sad he does not hold a grudge against you because you were honest with him.]]