- [[001.01.02.01.Wuffy]]
	- [[001.01.02.01.A.02 Wuffys meal poison]]
		- [[Wuffys meal: Wuffy ordered a bunch of different stuff. Apparently he has an order in which he feasts. All you remember is that he wants a cup of tea first in order to calm down his stomach. Well a few drops of the poison that Mark told you to prepare should be enough to silence the dog once and for all.]]
- [[001.01.02.01.A.02 Wuffys meal poison]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Wuffy ordered a bunch of different stuff. Apparently he has an order in which he feasts. All you remember is that he wants a cup of tea first in order to calm down his stomach. Well a few drops of the poison that Mark told you to prepare should be enough to silence the dog once and for all.]]
- [[001.01.02.01.A.02 Wuffys meal poison]]
	- [[Wuffys meal: Wuffy finally got something to eat. He will join you in the battle against the Magisters.]]
- [[001.01.02.02 Mr. Shuhu]]
	- [[001.01.02.02.A.03 Mr. Shuhu can finally sleep]]
		- [[The Mighty War Owl: You managed to find a solution for Mr. Shuhus sleeping issue. Report back to Mark.]]
- [[001.01.02.03 Rats (Django)]]
	- [[001.01.02.03.A.04 Side with the Rats]]
		- [[The Mighty War Owl: You promised to kill Mr. Shuhu. He will attack you when you enter his cabin.]]
- [[001.01.02.03.A.01 Armistice rats agreed]]
	- [[The Mighty War Owl: You promised Django that you will help to negotiate a peace treaty between his family and Mr. Shuhu. The ongoing war has to stop.]]
- [[001.01.02.03.A.05 Djangos' cheese bread]]
	- [[The Mighty War Owl: Django agreed to make peace with Mr. Shuhu if you can provide him with a cheese bread baked with an egg and milk so he finally gets enough protein.]]
- [[001.01.02.03.A.02 Cheese bread solves everything]]
	- [[The Mighty War Owl: Django agreed to a peace treaty after he got his much needed proteins. He reminded me that he will assist me in any fight that may come.]]